Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. Therefore you are your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements. So what do you think? I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. with me, therefore you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements, so come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements, there was a movement, there was a movement, there was a movement Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba With all the planets in outer space, there must be other forms of life different to that on Earth. We don't know what they look like, because no one from here has ever seen them. However, we do know that they don't look like this because this is sniff one of woman's friends Whoa! Whoa! Ah! Ah! Whoa! Whoa! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Hmm. So it looks as though the rumor was right. Oh, what rumor was that? That we were about to be invaded by aliens from outer space. Huh? Oh dear, do you mean that thing that was chasing me might have been one of them? Well yes. I thought they were just after me. I wouldn't have thought you'd have been that important to them sniff, but I suppose you never know, knew you. It says here in this book that aliens from out of space are very civilized and peace loving and would never want to invade us. It seemed as though they're quite happy where they are. I do, it's not a very scientific book. Well, it was definitely attacking me, moment papa, I know it was. Well, it might have been a civilization from another planet sniff. They were just hungry. Well, the inspector told me that he thought we were being invaded by aliens, and he shouldn should know. I'm sure he's exaggerating. I wonder what they look like. Why don't you come and help me in the garden? You never know, we might see one. Mama, wait for me! Mama, what's that? Well, I would say it's not a vegetable that's for sure. It looks like a flying saucer. I wonder if there are any aliens in it. They might be heard, Mama. Let's have a look. I think there's something there. This looks odd. I wonder what it is. It's a bit like a radio, isn't it? Oh yeah, an alien radio. Do you think there's anyone in there, Mumen? Anybody there? It seems to have been deserted. There's a funny noise coming from it. Well, it doesn't look to me like it could fly again. It could be repaired. You'd need to know about flying saucers. Papa could do it. I don't think flying saucers should make that sort of noise. Do you, woman? I don't think so. But I don't know very much about them. It does seem a bit odd as if they've said it to be blown up so that no one would be able to steal it because they want to keep the design a secret. Do you think it will? Oh! I'm not sure, Mama, but let's get away in case it does explore. That's why it's empty, but I wish it hadn't landed in the Asparagus patch. I'll take the radio with me. It won't be too long now, Mama. No, it won't. The blue men. It's vanished. Less my soul. Papa's book said they could be a very advanced life form. There's nothing to show it was ever here, except the hole in the ground. And this radio thing? Me, is it a radio, Papa? I don't know. It looks a bit like one. Let's try pressing one of these buttons. The red one first, I think. Oh! Papa, where have you gone? I'm right here, boom. I wonder what happens if I press this one. Well, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I can't see you either, dear. What? Oh, I see. Sorry, but I'm afraid I can't see you either, dear. What? Oh, I see. So if you press the red button, you become invisible. What a fascinating machine. Papa, I think I'd rather see you, dear. Well, of course you would. Well, then let's try the yellow one. I think. Can you see me now? No, Papa. Oh, that's hard. Do you want me to try Papa? Please, Mama. There, that's it. Oh, Papa. That's a very dangerous machine. I don't want to disappear ever again. It's not a nice experience. No, dear. I didn't like you vanishing like that. We must put it somewhere safe, Mama, where the children can't find it. Yes, dear. Mom! Snort made it. What an earth for a matter. We found it. Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Come on! Where are you going, Moomin, Papa? Going me? Oh, no, Especial. Moomin, Mama, hang on. I've got a few questions for you. Really, Inspector? I was told that a flying saucer had landed in your garden, but all I can see is a big hole. Where is it? What have you done with the saucer had landed in your garden. But all I can see is a big hole. Where is it? What have you done with the saucer? Nothing. Well, where is it? It's not there now. It was there, but then it just vanished. Vanished? Yes, that's right. When you say vanished, you mean it flew away again? No, it just went woof, gone. Moomin saw it too. That's very odd. No, it just went woof. Gone. Moomin saw it too. That's very odd. Yes, it was. Did you see any aliens onboard by any chance? No. Are you telling me the truth? Of course. Why should I lie to you? Well, I can't. Think of any reason. I'm sorry, but it's upsetting aliens invading Moomin Valley. Yes, it is. Can we go now? Certainly. Where are you all going by the way? Oh, only to the beach to collect shells. See you in spags, eh? Collecting shells indeed while I'm hunting for aliens. Ah! Over here! Look! Look! I thought you did the thing you know. I don't know if I know. Is that an alien? It certainly is, but not like it says in the book. Have you tried talking to it? Yes, but it wouldn't answer. Let me try. Are you from outer space? Go show Waterley. Watery, dry sheet, ducky, ducky, ducky, ducky, ducky, nodding. Yes, in the gala, ruff, and gala, little bit. It looks like an alien child to me. More like a lamp. Poor thing. He must be hungry. Let's take him home. Yeah, well, we don't want the inspector to see him. That is nothing, snutter, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll love you, l'll I think he's missing his home. Wherever in the universe that might be. I wonder where his parents are. He can't have come on his own. He seems far too little for that. Well, I don't know. But he's obviously missing them, and he seems very unhappy. Do you think the inspector would really arrest him, Moon Papa? Possibly. He would think it is duty. Well, that would be horrible of him. I know. Well, that means trouble. Quick! He can hide in the kitchen. We gotta do something! And quickly! I know what to do. What, Mama? We'll use the machine. Oh, yeah! We'll just keep him out of sight. Now, then, this one, right? Oh, there. I think they're here. Oh, moving papa. I heard there was......a...an alien here with... What? What's happening? What's happened to me? Goodness, Inspector, you're very shiny. Oh dear, yes! How very, very strange! You look like a great big glow worm. An inspector in shining armor, you mean, little my? That's just what I thought. You will never need a lamp to be seen, inspector. I like it. Criminals will be afraid of me. I can't wait to get back to the station and show the constables. Handy for reading in bed, too. Well, duty calls. Bye! Oh, you can speak English. Of course I can. It's just that I need my language converted to help me to translate. And if you hadn't taken it from my ship and hidden it, I would have been able to talk sooner. That's a good way to learn, isn't it? Where are you going? To see that nice shiny man. But he'll arrest you! He came here looking for you, but he forgot about it when the machine started him glowing. No! Don't go there! Hey wait! I love that light of shimmer. It's just like, oh, it makes me feel really safe. Hello! Hello and spend there! Yes, what is it? Take me with you. What? Oh, oh, you're so bright and beautiful in Spector. Oh, you think so? At home, everyone's shimmers like that. Everyone. Well, that must be very nice for them. I want to go with you, please. I'm sorry, I'm too busy, but it was nice talking to you. You see, the aliens have invaded Movement Valley, and I must find them. Oh. I just remembered. Aliens have invaded Moomin Valley and I must find them. Ooh. I just remembered. I was tipped off that there was one of them in Moomin House. Huh. The inspector's coming back. What about the alien? He's running after him. Has he been handcuffed, Mumin? I don't think so. Open up in the name of the law, Mumin Papa. Well, certainly for you, Inspector. Come on in. You're very welcome. Mumin Papa, I have information from a reliable source, well, sort of reliable. That you have been harping a fugitive. I'm sorry. In other words, I believe you have been hiding an alien here. Oh, Inspector, I don't think hiding is the right word. That suggests we are trying to keep something from you. Well, Mama. Would we do that, Inspector? Hmm, that stinky is tricked me again. Well, Mama? Would we do that, Inspector? That stinky is tricked me again. Isn't it lucky he didn't find you? I want a nice inspector. Look, how many times must I tell you? He'll lock you up in an nasty cell. I like him. I want to see him. No, don't! Perhaps if we press the yellow button he'll stop sharing. Good idea, Papa. Be quick, Mama. The yellow button. Your girls. You don't want him now that he stopped shining. Do you little fella? Let's go home then. Well, my mama, come and look, we've saved the alien. Well, my mama, the inspector's not glowing anymore. Isn't that something? Mama? Mama, where are you? I'm here. Hey, what? Where are you, mama? Mama! Right here. Wait, where are you, Mama? Mama! Right here. Mama! Oh, no, what's happened to you? I don't know. Probably that machine again. Oh, so it shrinks you as well as making you invisible, does it? Well, well. Oh, dear. I need an apron Papa can you get a handgrip from my handbag you really are quite small that you look very cute of course mama would you like to stay like that for a while no I would not push another button quickly before anyone sees me go Go on now hurry up Papa. Yeah oh dear. What's up? The machine's gone. Hey you! Take it, give it back! Don't worry mama, I'll get it back. Oh, thank you. Oh, look at that, P. Yeah. Stop him, Moments. Stop him. He stole the machine. We'll get him, Papa. Hey, Sniff! Sniff! Don't let Steve get away! Right! Mimicery! Oh! Please let me pass, Sniff. I'll give you a gold stopper and... A gold stopper? I mean, Frieden. No, no, five! Five! No! Give me the machine, Stinky! Oh! Oh! Where is it, moment? What's happened to the machine? It's at the bottom of the river, Papa! Oh, poor Mama! Poor Mama! What's wrong with her? Well, she needs the machine to get back to normal. Normal? Well, at least this is a chance to do some really fine embroidery. Don't worry, Mama. I promise we'll look after you. It's alright, Moomin, I'll manage. I'll have to get some smaller pots and pans though, and we'll have to have smaller helping, but that might be a bad idea. Hmm. Oh. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, It's like the one we saw in the garden. Mama, Papa! We're no gruddley gruddley gru. My parents wish to thank you for looking after me. But I, if anybody, whatever. They're telling you off aren't they? Yes, because I took a flying saucer. Look, would you ask your parents to make mama a normal size again? Yes, of course. Vittel Grassley Grassley Gold. Oh, well, that's more like it. Oh, dear. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, So, Mum and Valley hadn't really been invaded at all. And the movements and the friends that found out where aliens really look like. They're always happy and always at play The movements are having fun day after day The movements, the movements They love the laughter and they love the living The movements We're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements. They're always happy and goes at play. The movements I've been fun day after day. The movements, the movements, the moment.