Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. Therefore you are on your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements. They are the movements. So come with me, give me your hand. I'll take you up to a movement land. You can fly just like a bird. Sing that song ever. There were the movements. There were the movements. There was a moment, there was a moment, there was a moment, there was a moment, there was a moment Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba The bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat bat A rather blood-in-as-band of feared pirates had sailed the seas for many years, but never could he remember a storm such as this. He began to wonder whether his ship could withstand the battering and buffeting of the angry waves for much longer. Alas, it is now too late to launch the lifeboat, he thought, as he lashed himself to the wheel. His voice rose against the wind. Captain Blood can think of no better death than to journey to the bottom of the sea, losing the last battle against his old adversary. But if only I could see the life of the young and beautiful princess who I rescued from the Duke Scalian before a cycle. I care not about the three chests of doubloons, two chests of jewels, and 36 bales of the richest and most colorful silks. But oh, must she too perish in this terrible storm? Tittigood book, Mumin? Mm, it's great. What a terrible storm, it's not easing at all. No. I'm so glad I'm not on my own in a night like this. I feel safe in Mumin House. Oh, what was that? It sounded like a tree breaking. Hey in Mumin' House. Oh, what was that? It sounded like a tree breaking. Hey, Mumin' Hmm? Why don't you read your story out loud? Oh, okay. But can I start where I got to? As long as you tell us what's happened before, we won't know what it's about. And we might have missed something important. Just the main points will do, Mumin' Well, there's this bright part. Oh, it's so much fun when someone reads out loud. Go on, woman! Captain Blood, and he and his men, have captured a rich and royal gallium. They've taken lots of gold, silver, and jewels and things. And oh, yes, a princess, too. It's exciting, isn't it? Yes, it is. The storm that rose that night was so violent that at first it seemed inevitable the ship found before the waves had engulfed it. Not bad if I say so myself. Captain Blood saw that the poor princess had indeed swooned. With only the rats for company, how frightened she must have been down in the old. The noise of the storm was deafening as the ship was thrown above under swirling sea. The captain's brave heart went out to his young and beautiful captain. Would I have some tea, Mama? Of course, dear, would you like me to bring it up to you? No, thanks. I've finished for the day. That's good. Shall we all have some tea and lemonade? Yes, please. I'm very thirsty. You read very well. Thank you, Moonman. Great story, isn't it? Could I have some strawberry juice, please, Mama? Snork maiden, when is your brother coming home? Oh, he didn't say exactly. But in a couple of days, I should think... It was a good idea to let Snork maiden stay while he was away, wasn't it Papa? Yes, it wouldn't be very nice to be all on your own at night in a storm like this. Not at all. This is the... This is the... This is the... Whoa! This is the... This is the... This is the... This is the... This is the... This is the... She seems to be sinking. She won't be able to hold out much longer. We must get to the crew without delay. How could we launch a boat in this weather? Any survivors? We haven't found anyone yet. So what about further along the coast? Any reports of survivors turning up? No, I'm afraid not inspector. We haven't heard anything. Well, tell me if you do. I'm a inspector. Yes? It seems to me it was a pirate ship that sunk. What did you say? Well, I'm pretty sure I saw the skull and crossbones flying from the mast. And I think I caught sight of a cannon, but I could have been mistaken. You must be joking. I never joke. I can't see anything. It's too far away to make out any sort of skull and crossbones. Try this. Ah, you've got a telescope. Now why didn't you let me have this before? It might have helped. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's it. She's gone. I suppose that there aren't many pirate ships around today. Any that are afloat must be so old that they'd probably break up easily. That's if it was a pirate ship, but it sure looked like one right enough. Nothing's been washed up on the shore yet? No, not a thing. Isn't it strange that I was reading that book about pirates yesterday? They probably wouldn't be quite so romantic in real life. Well, in the book they were really great. I wish I'd been one. A pirate? Yeah, what could be more exciting? You can't mean that. Oh, yes, I do. To sail across the seven seas, the holds of your ship's crown with treaders. But you'd have to steal the treasure from somebody first, though, movement. Well, yes, all right, I suppose, though. But I wouldn't steal anything from anyone. Ha, then you're just a sailor. Not a pirate at all. Boomin, Mama, do you know where Moomin is? He's probably in Snuffkin's tent. Oh, yeah? Snork maiden. I have a letter for you. Here you are. It's from the snork. Oh, thank you. Wait a minute, little my. I want to read Snorks letter. Take your time It's snork he's coming home today, that's nice. But, Moome and Mama, there's no food in the house at all! Now, don't worry about that, Snork Maiden. I'll rustle up some dinner for us, and Snork can tell us all about his trip. Moome and Papa like that. Oh, thank you, Mama. Snork doesn't like missing his meals. He must have got the part sooner than he thought. Ha! That's great news! Then he should finish his flying ship soon, hey? I guess so. He should make he should finish his flying ship soon, hey? I guess so. He should make it into a pirate flying ship. I could be his first maid and no one would be able to catch us! Nobody at all! Ha ha ha! Not here. Oh dear, I wonder where they've gone, little my. There's nobody here. Moon probably wanted to go looking for an adventure. I bet they went down to the beach to see if anything's been washed out. At least the hangar's not been damaged. Let's go down to the beach. We might find a treasure chest. What is it? I just thought I heard something. Where? From in there. Hmm, weird. Oh, I know. The snork must have come back. Oh, yes. Snork. Of course. Hello, snork. Oh, snork? Are you in here? Mm-hmm. Ah! Snork me! Put her down. Oh, really? It was actually a pirate ship. It was indeed, Moomin Papa, and we caught the pirates when they swam ashore. Do you think you captured all of them, Inspector? Well, of course, we don't know exactly how many there were to begin with. Hmm, right. We better barricade ourselves in Moomin House just to be on the safe side. Oh dear, and I suppose I ought to stand guard over my greenhouse as well. Lace me, ma'am! Come here, you little panicked! Dude, let's not make it go! You'll be sore, you great big hairy folly! No, not in your life, though, ain't just my hostage! I needed to make good my escape, Mago. Then you only have yourself to blame. Hey, what? Blame? Stay where you are now. I will not be bitten again. Keep away a little cat. Well, don't hurt her then. Hurt her, you little shark. She's a hostage and a cuntly one at that. She'll be my safe passenger. These rough waters are perished. Well, then you better take me instead, because I'm much easier to carry. You, huh? And nobody would care if I fed you slowly to the shrimps. Oh, yes, lots of people. When you overstab, win, baby. All right, all right. Hold your head, we'd blow me down. Now, what's your name, girl? I'm Lil' Myne. Well, I'm Captain Rumpod. Not going to get whatever authorities you have in this backwater. Hurry, my patience is short! I'll only go if you promise that you won't hurt Snork Maiden. Of course I will. If I find that you've heard her in any way at all, my revenge will be terrible. All right, all right, all right. Captain Rumpot, you are surrounded. Let's snork, Maiden Go. Do you hear me, Captain? To a gold button land lover like you never! She's a good-looking wench, fair skinned and nicely rounded! Pirates prefer blondes. Give me a ship and you can have her back. What do you say to that, my buck-hole? You're on your way, Captain. I'm going to get you a new pair of shoes. I'm going to get you a new pair of shoes. I'm going to get you a new pair of shoes. There's Ginden nicely rounded! Pirates prefer blondes! Give me a ship and you can have her back! What do you say to let my buck-hole? You're on your own, Captain! We've got all your men! Locked up tight! All me crew? Ha, ha, ha! You're the last one! Now let her go immediately! Thank you for saving me crew! I feared they were all lost! Don't thank me, they're all in jail. Ha ha, someone says that best place for a banana me. Now let them out, I need them, and a proper ship. Oh, with two masks and fifty cannon. And no tricks else it'll be worse for the girl. This is too much. The school for constables didn't tell us about this. What shall we do, Inspector? Police get snorkeling away from him. I'm afraid he'll hurt her and she'll be frightened. I'm trying my best, but it's very awkward all this. I've not come across anything like it before. Oh, but it's not her fault that his ship sank Inspector? I know, I know, oh dear, oh dear. Oh, I should have been a gardener. Hey, are you still there, you rough-earned? Let my men go and get my ship! Two masks and fifty cannon mines! Look, Captain Rumpod, I'm afraid that times have changed. Sailing ships don't have cannon these days. Shiver me timbers! How do you sink each other then? I don't try to fool me. Remember, I've got the girl! I think Moomin Papa has an old blender bus I'm sure you'll let you have. I don't know if it'll work though. That's all I've got. I'm one of you, Pee Brain. This is my final word, so listen well. You have two hours to get the ship ready to sail, and all my crew with her mind! Or else I'll... Now, don't worry, my pretty one. I won't harm a single hair on your head, but I must have something to threaten them with. Or else I'll feed her to the hungry shark! Ah! Oscar, I won't hurt you. Are you sure? Either I get my ship Oak 50 Cannon and at least two masters she'll be food for lobsters. It's your choice, mehazzy! I should do it. Oh! He sounds as if he'll do it too. Two hours he says the real feeder to the shark's own dear own dear. What will Snork say? Oh dear? Oh I have a great idea sir Why don't we climb onto the roof drill a hole and then drops up on his head? You know Constable I've always thought you were an idiot now you've proved it Excuse me inspector if we set fire to the Hanna, then they'll have to come out, Mute. Shut up! Why am I surrounded by fools? This is no good. I must calm down, I must calm down. Captain Rumbot! Can you hear me, Captain? Ha-ha! You found a ship already, have you? Well, no. There aren't any real sailing ships in Moomin Valley. The chief constable has a yacht. He doesn't usually let anyone borrow it, but I'm sure in this case he... I want something big enough to take me to the Spanish main! I warned you! Calm down, Captain! Calm down! Now just listen to me. You haven't done anything wrong here, no pirating or such like, so if you forget about the boat, we'll let you all go, think about it, free to go anywhere you like, on foot of course. The fresh air, the sun on your face, no worry of shipwrecks, no storms at sea. What do you think we are? Huh, we're pirates, not high-wamen! It's not so bad being a highwayman, you know? There'll be lots of rich travelers on the other side of Lonely Mountain, I'm sure, and lots of adventures with jewels and gold. Daymey with flagens are rum, you chicken brain, nitwit! Nitwit? No, ninkel poop, dumb bill, uncut and runpots! You're making me very angry! If I had you on my ship, you'd dangle from the yard! I mean, what the play? The inspector's losing control. We had better call me down. What the clank would I? And then Mike, prison, you'd get no butter under breath and nuggets on your biscuits! Please calm down, Inspector. Put the bag in the fridge. All right. Calm down, pick it easy.dle. Let's go. Come down, Puddle. Pick the VZ. Are you sure? Wait, water. I'd see through it that the bread was milled. That's 30 minutes gone already. I warned you, Goldbitten. Now there is only one hour to her painful and horrible death. Cher, up, Snark, Maiden! Try and hold on! We'll get you out! Water? Water? Huh? What did you say? Water, please. I'm so thirsty. Water? Mastik stubs too. Hey, land lovers! Compliments to the galley! The young lady wants a drink! All right, captain. I'm coming, smart maiden. I'll take it, Inspector. It's too dangerous. You must leave it to us now, Momen. Just a minute, Inspector. I think we should let Momen go. And I've got an idea that just might work. Snuff him! It'll take an awful lot of courage, and you'll have to do it all on your own. Do you think you can do it, Momen? Of course. Splice me, babe, raise what's taking him so long keeping a young lady waiting. It's alright. I really don't mind waiting. Tell you the truth, I could do it and drink myself. It's thirsty work, shun an idiot policeman. Don't you worry, little one. They'll be here soon. Get me a drink too, you hearin' quick about it! I've brought you something to drink, Captain. Alright, come on then. And no funny stuff. Don't worry, I'm on my own. Have you done a drink for me, too? Yes, Captain. Alright, stay there and put down the train. The bigger one is for you, Captain, and the little one for Snarkmaid. Now move away. And fire it up, stay there. Hmm. Why is it so red? Well, it's strawberry juice. It's very good. Hmm. I'll be polite. She can drink from this one and I'll have hers. But Captain, there's not enough for you in the small one. Strawberry juice isn't exactly my favorite tip of your know. No, the small one will do. Here you are young lady No, no snorkemaiden, please don't drink it Why not my young buckle. It's not poison, is it? Don't be silly poison. Oh no, no Perhaps a sleeping potion As I thought I deemed mighty strange the two cups were prepared. You drink it. Oh no, no, no sir. I'm not thirsty at all. What's the matter, Milad? You said the drink wasn't poisoned, didn't you? So drink. Move it! Ah, you're her swane, are you? I shall never understand women anyway. One of you will have to drink it and now! Not her, all who it all do it! Give it to me! No, Mum and Don't! There's something in it! You'll be poisoned! It's all right, Snorkmaten. It's nothing dangerous. Don't worry about me. I'll drink it! That's it! Drink up again! Down the hatch, Melad! You're lucky and wasn't poisoned! Yeah. And no sleeping potion, neither? No, nothing at all. Nothing at all. And he thought he could fool me, me Captain Rumpa, but she could. Well, I'll have the other one. Not bad. No, I'm sorry, young lady. They'll have to bring you another. Shall we order one without the draft? They'll be surprised when they see me still on my pins. Why do I not sleep at all? Ha ha ha! Let's go and give my surprise, uh? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, wee! A moment! It's all right. I'm okay, Snorkemaiden. There's nothing in this drink. Would you like some? A moment! You mean you! I was pretending. So I convinced you too, huh? A moment! Captain Rumpot didn't wake up that day, for the next, and when he did he had a terrible headache which served him right. The inspector let all the pirates go after a week. Well, they hadn't done any pirating in Moomin Valley, and wouldn't be doing any either, not without a ship. They love the laughter, and they love the living the movements Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and always at play The movements are having fun day after day, the movements The movements They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements Believing and sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and goes at play The moments I've been fun day after day, the movements The movements, the movements The Moons