Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. They hear for you on your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements. So what do you think? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. with me, they're here for you on your TV, they are the moments, they are the moments, so come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the moments, there were the movements, there was the movements, there was the movements, there was the movements La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la It's the middle of winter in Moomin Valley and all is quiet and peaceful in Moomin House is everybody enjoys their winter slumber. The house is full of dust covers, on the chandelier, on the furniture, on everything, waiting until they all wake up again on the first day of spring and start to get everything in movement house clean and ready for the coming summer. But what's this? It looks like movement is restless as if something has disturbed him. I wonder what he was dreaming about. I wonder what time it is. Oh, it's nearly 20 after, too. Wonder whether it's morning or afternoon. It doesn't really matter, I suppose. Oh, it stopped. Oh, it's frozen. It looks really dark out there. Mama, please wake up. Papa, Papa, Mama, Mama, Mama, what's wrong with me? I feel way too weak. Mama, Mama, Mama, Mama, Mama, what's wrong with me? I feel way too weak. Papa, papa, mama, mama, mama, what's wrong with me? I feel way too weak. Oh, dear. The whole house is buried in snow. Oh, dear. The whole house is buried in snow. Oh, dear. The whole house is buried in snow. Oh, dear. The whole house is buried in snow! Oh! Oh Ah! This doesn't look like Moomin Valley. And it's so quiet. What was that? Perhaps I better go home. No, what's the matter with me? Everyone's asleep and the furniture's all covered up and the movements don't give up. I wish Nuffkin were here. He's probably in the far south where it's warm and sunny. I wonder what that is. Oh, I wonder. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh yes, it's little Mai! By the bobo, what are you doing here, Moomin? What am I doing here? I heard strange noises and came to see what it was. Then you crashed in and be like an avalanche, and I've just lifted the box off you. Oh, don't be stupid, Moomin. I mean, why are you out in the snow and not hibernating like the others? Spring's not for ages. Oh, I don't know. I just woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. But what about you, sliding about like that, you should be asleep too. Yes, I should, but I just woke up as well. Probably to look after you. I tried to wake my stupid sister, but she kept on snoring. But I think this snow is really great. Well, I don't. It's cold, it's slippy, much too bright, and it's everywhere and far too quiet. I saw the grog. Huh? That horrible freezing monster? She should feel at home in this, and there's no point in her trying to freeze anything. I saw her on the hill. Then it was her voice, I heard. Yes, and the trouble with the horrid thing is that she's so cold I wouldn't even want to touch her movement. Huh! It's her! Ah! I'm getting cold shivers all over. Well, why do you expect in the snow? No, it's the Groke's Fall. She's done it. Look at my skin, it's all goose bumpy. It's not like that in the summer. It's smooth, not lumpy. It's not the snow that makes me feel so cold. It's her staring at me. I'm scared. That was great. Good, isn't it? You can have as much as you like. We picked more raspberries than ever this year. The mama made lots of juice. Thanks. That was great. Good, isn't it? You can have as much as you like. We picked more raspberries than ever this year and Mama made lots of juice. Thanks. Oh. Ah! I want that. Mama's silver tray? Yeah. What do you want it for? To slide on the snow with a coarse stupid? But it's a sort of family treasure in heirloom. Well you never use it and it's so shiny. It'll make a great sled and go really fast. Doesn't look like they'll wake up till spring. They're lucky, they're still sleeping. I think it's very unfair that I woke up like this So what should we do now? I want to go look at mind. You can use it as a boat anyway and it would sink. Yes, you could. What? How? Oh, look! There's the sink! But it's all frozen! So we'll be able to slide on it! What's that over there? Oh Huh? Huh? Huh? Toe-tiki! Hello, you two. You're not hibernating, either? Oh, no. I haven't got time to spend four months sleeping. Why not? Little Mayan, I just woke up and now we don't know what to do. I'm sure you can think of something. You suppose so? I've never seen the sea frozen before. Did you make that horse too, Tiki? Yes I did. Can I sit on it? No you can't. I need it for the lady of the cold. Oh I see. I suppose you've heard of her. Yes she's very beautiful but if she looks into eyes, you're turned into a block of ice. She's not a very nice lady. That's right, little Maya and Sprink can never come while she's here. It waits for her to go. Oh, I see. And are you hoping she'll ride away on this horse then? Yes, and it will take her back to the north, where she stays until she comes here again next winter and drives the sun away. The horse doesn't look very solid to me, Tutiki. Well, that's why I'm going to pour water over it when it gets really cold and then it'll be solid. When is the lady of the cold coming? You can never tell, but soon, tonight perhaps, it feels much colder already. What's happened to the sun, Tiki? Do you know when the sun will come back again? It's in the south shining on Snuffkin, but it'll be back soon, and then it will stay a bit longer each day. Good, I can't wait. Now there'll be a full moon tonight, and we'll be able to see everything. Great! I can get my tray up! I can't wait to try it on the sea! What do you mean, your tray? Well, let's move in, Mama's tray, but I'm using it. I'm gonna put a sail on it and slide across the ice. Why not wait till tomorrow? Wait until tomorrow? No. When I want to do something, I do it now. What if the ice suddenly melts or something? Eh. Yeah! I like it here. It's warm and cozy. I hope Moomin' Papa doesn't mind me using it. This is Papa's bathhouse. He build it himself and he'd be very glad to know you're using it. It's great, the window paints are different colors. If you look out through one, the world is red and through another one, the world is green. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hahaha! Oh! You don't hibernate either, do you? Now Scram! The horrible lady of the cold is coming and if she looks you in the eye, you'll turn to ice! Go on! Go away! Mumin! Two-tiggy! Mumin! Mumin! Dad, take it right out! Little Mike, we're over here. Huh? I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. I'm going to get you a little bit more. MUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM I'd better go see what she's doing to Mama Silver Trey. Okay. Ah, got one. Oh dear me. She's cold and wet under that ice. How are you doing, little mime? Very well, thank you. How can you get under the ice anyway? I guess the water must be low and there's a gap left there. Oh, how? I don't know, but perhaps the tide was in when the sea froze and some of it got stuck to the shore. Oh, I suppose it's possible. Do take you told me that she has fish soup every day in the winter time? I know. I'll go see if the horse is frozen yet. Make sure you shut the door behind you. Oh, my thumb! I don't think it's hard enough yet. It'll collapse if the lady of the coke gets on it now. Oh, it's getting colder and colder. The Grooke. Don't tell me you want to ride the horse. I don't think you'd better. This is for the lady of the cold, you know. There's no telling what she'd do to you. Look you in the eye, probably. Even the groke is frightened of the lady of the cold. Ah, now it looks frozen. Wee! Ha-ha! Yee-hee! Wee! Yee-ha! Great, isn't it, movement? Yeah, that old tray really moves. Wanna go? No thanks, I'm too big. Come on, now, the fish soup is ready and it's time you were inside of the fish soup. Yeah, that old tray really moves. Want to go? No thanks, I'm too big. Come on, now the fish soup is ready and it's time you were inside, little my. Keep it warm for me, I'm having another go. No, little my. Why not? Have you forgotten what I told you the lady of the cold may be coming? Oh. Well, I want to see her, I'm not scared of her. I'll be moving so fast she won't get a chance. No. Now listen to me a little, Mai. All you have to do is not let her look you in the eye. But what happens if you're not quick enough and she catches you before you turn away? I know. If we watch her from the bathhouse, she won't see us. Please little, Mai. Come in. She's almost here. We can watch it from inside. That's no good. I want to see her properly. No, little mine. Don't go. Come back. Little Mai! Oh dear! Come on, let's get back in the cabin before it's too late! Weeee! Mama, Mama, Mama! Mama, Mama, Mama! Oh! The lady of the cold! Oh! I saw her face! I saw her face! I saw her and she gets in turn with eyes! Press a little my to get away with it. I don't know how she does it. I think her nerves are made of steel. I hope she's alright. She should try not to make so much noise out there. Oh Oh! Oh! Oh! Yeah! I'm Narve. I'm not ready. Oh! Come on, Markwink! Oh, now just stop now! Wait a minute! This is it! Oh Come on, Markman! Oh, now just stand there and throw it all in the air! This is it! Little boy! Oh Oh Huh? Legal mine! Little Mai! Little Mai! Come on, please! Wake up, please! Oh, please, don't stay frozen, little Mai! Don't worry, little Mai. We'll thought you out. Don't worry. It's nice and warm here. Ow! That's hot, movement! Praise the Bulbob! You come back! So Little My came back from the cold, little the worst for wear. Mumin need not have worried, for the little miser's world are practically indestructible. Constructible They're always happy and always at play The movements are having fun day after day The movements The movements They love the laughter and they love the living The movements We're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and go as it played The movements are having fun day after day, the moment.