Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. They're here for you on your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements. So, what do you think? I'm going to say that I'm not going to say that. I'm going to say that I'm not going to say that. with me, they're for you on your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements, so come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements, there was the movement, There was the movement, there was the movement, There was the movement, there was the movement, There was the movement, Snowton made him was in a very good mood because that day she was off to collect shells of the seizure with Moon. Moon! Hey look, the sun's up and there's Gracie. Oh, Drak. What's the matter, Papa? Oh, it's you, moment. What are you doing? I heard you talking to yourself just now. Huh? Oh. You see this? I'm writing a play. I heard you talking to yourself just now. Huh? Oh. Ha-ha-ha. You see this? I'm writing a play. Writing a play? You remember the last children? That was a very successful play. Just now I was repeating a line. Hey, look! Another beautiful day! And there goes Gracie. It's a wonderful line, of course. Don't you agree? It could be improved. I think about it. Tee-hee-hee! Oh, man, look at this! Beautiful! Oh, man, look at this! Beautiful. Hey! You find anything? No, just usual old stuff. Oh, there's another big one. Can't you really find anything, moment? I'll look somewhere else. I still think this is the best place. Well, I'm going over there. And you're so beautiful. Oh. What are you doing, movement? I... Now that's no shell surely. No. So why did you dig it out? Well, once you see it, you won't find out what it is. A very odd thing, isn't it? Not very interesting. Oh no, I can see what it is. I gave it a good wash. I've seen one just like in the fairy tales. It's an old lamb. Yes, you remember the story called a maddit? He rubbed the lamb and the genie appeared. The genie might appear for us if we do what Aladdin did. Don't be silly, Snork Maiden. Hmm. Hmm. But Snork Maiden, that was a fairy tale. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm And I'm sure you have to say some magic words, such as, apricot dapura, spirit come forth, apricot dapura, try for all your worth. You've chosen the wrong words. You should say, come out, say some of your something. Huh? Oh my goodness, oh my goodness! Keep going, Stormy-dark! Ah! I am the spirit of the land. What is your command? Goodness, did you come out of this lamp? You got it. So you really are the spirit of this lamp? Always have been. But I have the book and you're not him. I can prove it if you're quite sure you want me to. By all means, it probably wasn't a good picture. I'm the one and only spirit of the lamp. Then you must have the power to make any wish come true, is that so? Her wish, certainly, but not yours. But I'm the one who'll dug you out. That's not so important, kid. She's the one who summoned me forth from the lamp. What are we gonna do about this spirit? Why? Ask for something. Ask for something you've always wanted. Uh, let's see. A pearl necklace. Soight, now your wish is my command. You always wanted. Uh, let's see. A pearl necklace. Soight me, your wishes, my command. Hey, wait a minute. Oh. A pearl necklace is only one of the things I wanted I hadn't decided yet. Don't worry, Snorkmaidum. I guess you can always send it back. If I like the necklace, then it's your turn to rub the lamp. Then you can wish for whatever you've always wanted. Yes, but where exactly did you rub the lamp? Right here and very, very slowly. All right, I'll say spirit come forth. It sounds a little better than come out spirit. Oh! Oh! Oh, nice. What was that? Oh, it's back. One oil necklace, Miss. Thanks. This is incredible. Right, I do think this is exactly what I wanted. Oh, thank you ever so much. All in a day's wake. So pleased to oblige, Miss. Are you going to be able to do this? Oh, thank you ever so much. All in a day's wake. So pleased to oblige, Miss. Are you going back into the lab? Yes, I am. I'm so happy. Now it's my turn to let you out of here. I'd like to have a wish granted too, please. Now, wait a minute. If getting in and out is a bother, why don't you let me give you my wish right now? Can't do it, young man. One at a time in the face to call. If getting in and out is a bother, why don't you let me give you my wish right now? Can't do it, young man, one at a time in the face to call. Just one at a safe time. Impossible, young-said. But why? Because I am only able to fulfill one wish a week. I need my rest. It's hard working though. Oh well, of course it's tiring. Perhaps I expected too much from you. Hold on, I wouldn't like you to think that I haven't got the power. I can do many extraordinary things. What kind of things? Not telling you. Listen, moment, we won't tell a soul about this lamp, all right? Of course not. Pee-hee-hee-hee-hee. No! Names don't really matter. Tulip Hydrangea, who cares? No, that's not right yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Hmm. Praise the lad and I didn't tell them I can get out at night. I'd have no peace at all. My leisure time would be totally ruined by these two. Good thing also I can read their minds so I know what I'm up against. They're up to something I know they are. Oh yes, dear me, dear me. No wonder the young man is worried to death. She wish I better rewrite this. Oh Edgur Edgur, I do wish you were somebody else. This will certainly have to be changed. The whole page, really. What's going on here? Who did this? Mum, not you surely. What? And some rascals been rewriting my play. Who could that possibly be? Who indeed in the middle of the night while I was asleep. It's very strange, isn't it, Papa? It can't be you, Mum, can it? Of course not, Papa. I am upset. Who can it be? Imagine going into your study while you were fast asleep. It's very rude, isn't it? I find it incredible that anyone could do such a thing. And all the rewriting was done on those bits that I knew weren't perfectly polished. Listen, dear, I'm sure they were far too good for him to improve on. No, no, you're wrong. That's the worst thing. I must admit he did improve them. Then I think you should feel pleased, dear. Yes. No, I'm not a bit pleased. A dramatist should write his own plays. Looks great, Snork Maiden. That is, if you like necklaces. Thank you, little Maya, it was given to me as a present. Rather nice. Would you mind if I tried it on for a minute? Of course not. I'm sure you'll look gorgeous. I suppose in time one could get to like necklaces. I could ask for a similar one for you. Deepers, who's your rich friend? Yes. I searched the whole house, but I can't find it anywhere. Someone must have stolen it. Don't worry, Mrs. Philly-Junk. I fully expect to arrest the thief any minute now. Good afternoon, Inspector. Hello, Snort Maiden. Please, hurry, Inspector. The thief has almost certainly left Moomin Valley already. Oh, dear, oh, dear. nothing is safe in this valley anymore. Now calm down, Mrs. Philly jog. Did you just say you've had something stolen, Mrs. Philly jog? My pearl necklace, extraordinarily beautiful pearls, 87 of them. Looks just like the one you're wearing, little my. You stole it. Did you? Hmm? Oh, oh knew you! What are you doing? Stop! Get off the doctor! Arrest your old brother! She's a baby! She's innocent! Little Maya, please! The smallest creature up in the most cunning and generous world! This is Snarkman's necklace, you know. Huh? That's very funny, little Maya! Is that the best explanation you can think of? No one calls Little Maya thief and gets away with it! It means necklace you know. That's a lie! They stole it Inspector! I've never known them to lie before Mrs. Philly John. From a very bad background! You should see their home! So right! I'm gonna see a photo of you! Stop it, little man! Bad background and you don't tell me that you say that! Remember, there's something I want to ask you, little man! What are you doing? The more I have to do a page, you know. This is it. I love to know who did this. He's sitting there going to act with words. Listen to this. This is a good example. Hey, look at the sky, the sun's up and there's Gracie. That's not great, sounds very ordinary. That's what I wrote, Snuffkin. Oh, I'm so sorry. That's all right. Now listen to how he rewrote it. But soft, what light through yonder window breaks, it is the east and Juliet is the sun, a rise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon who is already sick and pale with grief. Bleh! What a sunrise! And note how clever this writer is to change her name from Gracie to Juliet. Oh, Gracie's worried because a parents don't approve of her love Edgar. I had his names don't matter, to you lipid ranges who cares. But listen to this. What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet. Much more romantic. I got a show on your wood. What a notheromial cold. Oh, it's simply great. Except maybe I wouldn't have on your wood. Well, he knocked a Romeo called. Oh, it's simply great. Except maybe I wouldn't have mentioned his smell. Don't you agree, he's an excellent playwright. Yes, I agree. He sounds like a very promising playwright. And then wordy, perhaps, but really good. Very good indeed. Write him a note asking him to carry on. And there might not be necessary. You know, all the changes were made in the middle of the night while I was fast asleep, and usually writers are in their beds none of their desks when they're asleep. Well, yes, that's the only time you're not at your desk, isn't it? But there are people you know who walk about at night without remembering about it the next morning. Sleepwalkers, you mean? Now I come to think of it, you were rather sleepy when you woke up this morning. You're right, Mum and Mama, even sleepier than usual, just so. You mean you yourself got up at night and then went and rewrote the play and you sleep? Well, yes, I have been worried about some minor things in my play, so my subconsciousness, fairly rich and literary talent, as we all know, comes to the rescue. A moment, Papa. And in my sleep, my imagination runs riot. I have all sorts of good ideas that make me grab a pen in the middle of the night and rush to my room to let the real skill throw. Got it. I got it! I got it! With this I can have anything! I can do anything! Get me! Stop! When I say stop, you have to stop! He's back dirty! I can be a pun on him. We've arrived when he won't get lost! Get lost yourself! I my dope time for you. The inspector's chasing me. What you? Stop the little boy on the inspector. You have to stop the day's old. He's not teaching me them. Don't deny it. I know why you're running. You stole that thing, didn't you? I know it's true. That's from a pure business. It's not yours. But it must be somebody so make it my business. It's not yours. But it must be somebody, so make it my business. Get it to me. Or a sacrifice. Please stop me from sending it. Give it back to me. Oh, no. Hey, that folks like the lamp we found. And chase him and specks it up, me. Hello? Well, man, Stinky's got our magic lamp right after him! Yes, we can't let him get away with it or terrible things might happen. Did you hear that, Snuffkin? He said magic lamp or something. After lamp! The magic lamp is mine, just leave me alone! Well, you guys, Stinky, help me get the necklace! Oh! You're the spirit of the lamp, aren't you? Yes, my master. What is your wish? You his master? Yes, me! I'm the master. I let him out, so he'll do what I say. I don't believe a word of this fairy tale's untrue. Maybe it isn't true, but it works. I saw Snorkmaiden wishing for a pearl necklace and her wish was granted. Uh-huh. So you're a star? Maybe it isn't true, but it works. I saw Snork maiden wishing for a pearl necklace and her wish was granted. Uh-huh, so you're responsible. Yeah, and I brought it right away. Now let me see. What do I want more than anything in the world? Stinky, he can only make one wish a week come true. You'll have to wait your turn. No, that's very unfair. Let's get back to the necklace. Where did you steal it from, Mr? I don't steal. Well then tell me where you found it. Around here somewhere. Mrs. Philly John's house, baby. I don't know who lives there. Oh, then you did steal the necklace. Well, that's a lot easier, you know. How about a magic key that can open anything, bolts and safes and stuff, huh? Listen, there's something I'd like to ask you. A sack of gold wouldn't be half as much fun as a key that opens anything. Tell me, is it possible that you rewrote Woman Popus Play? Yes, I did. It was really awful. Oh, come on, now I just needed some polishing. And what's more, see this young man standing here? Well, he was really worried about your play, you know? I was just trying to help. Is this true? Yeah, safer than burglary, of course. But then there's professional pride to think of. I can explain, Papa. I saw you weren't happy about your play, and I wanted it to be a big success. Of course, I didn't want the spirit to write it himself. But I saw you weren't happy about your play, and I wanted it to be a big success. Of course, I didn't want the spirit to write it himself. I'm gonna take the key! I've just realized everybody, the spirit didn't write all that himself. I've heard it before. I thought it sounded familiar. Really, is that so? Yes, he stole it from a play by somebody else. This spirit is a cheat and a liar. Oh, damn you. Well, I can't help being so well read. Can I go back in the lamp now? No! Wait! Don't forget, though! I want next week's list now! Sorry, Master Canabline. Have them put into an impossible situation. See you next week! But that's ridiculous. Not next week, nor next month, or even next year. Stinky, this lamp is not yours. Besides, I know exactly the sort of thing you'd ask for, a master key or something. Ha! Ha! You think you can hide that magic lamp from me, do you? Well, there's no hiding place good enough for that. Hmm. No, man, I really do think that lamp is a bit too dangerous to have. You're not going to get left for me, do you? Well, there's no hiding place good enough for that. Hmm. Well, then I really do think that lamp is a bit too dangerous to have a rod. Hmm. I think you're right. Snuffkin, do you have any good ideas for us? We can summon the spirit again. There's the inspector! You do it, Snuffkin. I'll be back. I'll be back. There's the inspector! You do it, Snuffkin! Cold the spirit! Oh, no, not again! What do you want this time? Can you bring the hobgoblin here? I suppose so. I'll be back as soon as I can. But why on earth do you want the hobgoblin? As far as I can see, there's only one safe place for the lap where no one can find it. And that's on another planet, and the only one safe place for the lamp where no one can find it. And that's on another planet, and the only one who can put it there is the Hobgoblin. He's coming any minute! Geez, that guy ever hard to find! Thank you. I've done my wake for this week. See you next week. Goodbye! And some of the hard-gun took the magic ram away and hid it on some unknown planet. And a good thing too, it would really be very boring if all your wishes were granted, wouldn't it? We're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and goes at play The Moons are having fun day after day, the Moons The Moons The Moons.