Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. Therefore you want your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements. So what do you want? with me, therefore you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements, so come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, there was a movement, there was a movement, there la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, The Come on, man, you were here already. This is Mum and House. It has been raining since lunchtime, and the moment and his friends spent all afternoon in the moment house, waiting for the sun to come out. So, Tukki's arrival was very welcome. Good evening, Mom. Tukki, come here. Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy one there. Yes, there is. You just can't see her. Really? Yes, I'm afraid she's very, very shy. I'll leave the door open for you, Ninny. Come in when you're ready. She'll get soaked if she stays out there. Maybe that doesn't matter very much if you're invisible. Oh. Too ticky. How nice. You're not that very much if you're invisible. Oh. Too ticky. How nice. What is everyone looking at? About Nini, you know sometimes when people are very frightened, they can become invisible to the people around them. Poor Nini, she's looked after by an aunt who doesn't like her and is really horrible to her and who only does it because she thinks it's her duty. It wouldn't be so bad if she just got mad and yelled at her, but she's cold and sarcastic, which is much worse. She doesn't care if Minnie is unhappy, and gives her horrible jobs. What sarcastic? Uh, let's see. Suppose you tripped and fell over. What would Mum and Mama say? Well, she does me a fight hurt myself. Yes, well, you're lucky that Mum and Mama is so nice, but a lot of people would be mad at you. Now, this nasty old lady would say, that may be your idea of dancing, but try not to do it when people are eaten please. Gosh, that's horrible. Anyway, she just went on being more and more horrible to her, so that in the end, Nini was so upset she became invisible. On our answer, she couldn't be bothered to look after little girl she couldn't see. Poor Nanny. So she asked me to do it. Nanny's still outside. Too nervous to come in. But what did you do to this old aunt? I hope you told her she heard Nanny's feelings. He wouldn't have done any good, not with someone like her. So I took nanny home, and then as you're the nicest family I know, I brought her here so you could make her visible again. We're very flattered, of course, too, Tiki. But... If anyone can do it, you and Mum and Mom again, and Mum and come play with her. Does she talk at all to Tiki? I'm afraid not. Not since she became invisible. Oh, dear. I'm sure I can think of lots of games, but it'll be hard to play if I can't see her. She'll be really good at hiding seat, though. Oh, it's OK. You'll know where she is because her aunt hung a little bell around her neck. Oh, look, the door's opened. That'll be Nanny. Come here, Nanny. It's all right. Don't be frightened. Come and meet everyone. This is your new home. And this is Mom and Mama and Mom and Papa. They're both very nice. Hello, I'm Mom and these are my friends. We were just having some tea. Would you like some? Oh, that is, if you can drink. Oh, perhaps I should make some lemonade. Well, now, perhaps you'd all like to go back to the table, if you'd care to sit down and eat. I'm sorry I don't know any more about her, but I'm sure that everything will be okay now she's here. I'm certain it will. We'll do our best, Tiki. Here you are, Nini. Well, she seems to be okay now, so I better be getting along. I've got a lot of things to do. I'll try and come over to see how you're all going. That would really be nice. Oh, it's better. You have got room, haven't you? Didn't you have someone else stand? Oh, yes. The thing I mean, Bob, but it's all right. They left last week. That's okay then. Oh, you must have been thirsty. Would you like some more? Sure. Oh, are you coming up with me? That's nice, Nanny. This is your very own room. You'll be warm and cozy. I'm going to get you some food. I'm going to get you some food. I'm going to get you some food. I'm going to get you some food. This is your very own room. You'll be warm and cozy here. I've put the lemonade on the table so you can have a drink whenever you want. Are you sure you wouldn't like something to eat? Ah, I see, you want to go to bed. Well, you had a busy day, so you must be tired out. And don't forget, if you feel frightened or lonely during the night, just come and wake me up and we'll have a talk. If you like, you can tinkle your little bell in my ear, and that should do it, many dear. Sweet dreams. Sleep well. She asleep? Yes. I was wondering whether there's anything that might help her in your granny's book of household remedies. I don't know if there's a cure for invisibility. I can't remember, but I'll have a look. There's a remedy for most things. I'm a phone believer in granny's remedy. I know you are dear. I'll go and see. I wonder what you looked like. Hmm. Hmm. Ah, there it is. Now then, a droopy tail, evil eye, melancholy. Ah, this must be it. The prescription was at the end of the book and shakily written, but it looked like the right one. It said, remedy for when people start getting misty and difficult to see. It was very complicated. Do you think it's going to work, Mama? Granny's remedies usually do, so don't worry. Yes, you're right. I wonder whether we are going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to work, Mama? Granny's remedies usually do, so don't worry. Yes, you're right. I wonder whether we ought to go and wake her up. Oh! Look, you can save many shoes. Papa! Papa! Oh, good morning, little my. Is Ninny up yet? Yes, she's up. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop! Oh, good morning, little mind. Is Ninny up yet? Yeah, she is. Where is she? She hasn't eaten yet, has she? I don't know, and she's probably at the dining room. Oh, no! Hmm? I'm too late! I'd be quiet, you two. Minnie's just finishing her breakfast. Come on, drink it all up. That's good. It should start to work in a couple of hours. Well done, Minnie. Look, her shoes are floating! Yeah, the seal will be seeing the rest of her. Ha! I should start to work in a couple of hours. Well done, nitty. Look, her shoes are floating. Yeah, the seal will be seeing the rest of her. Ha, they look silly. I think they're very nice feet. I know, Wum and Mama's remedies are good, but I can't see them working that fast. Anyway, you must look pretty bad if you want to make yourself invisible. Don't let Little My Up said you, nitty. It's only the way she talks. She doesn't mean it. Oh, yes I do. I'm bored, Moomin. Well, what shall we do then, Moomin? I don't know. Let's go mushroom picking. That's boring. I never find any. Well, I do. Would you like to come, nanny? Good. And we can see who can pick the most, shall we? They all look the same to me, so you'll have to tell me which ones are safe to eat. I'll tell you! Papa! Papa! Look, Papa! You can see many shoes now. Oh, that's good. There's not many things Mama's potions won't cure. Oh, it can't be that. She only took it a minute ago. It might be that it works faster if you're completely invisible. I think it's being away from that horrid ant. Yes, it might be that it works faster if you're completely invisible. I think it's being away from that horrid ant. Yes, it could be. Mama, we're taking nanny mushroom picking. Have a nice time. Morning! Morning! Hi! Hello. Where's Nanny? Oh! Huh! Wow, what a lot of mushrooms! You seem to know where to find all the best ones, Neely. It's not fair. I haven't gotten half as many. How are you doing, Momen? Wow, that must be about four times as long as you're here. It's not fair. I haven't gotten half as many. How are you doing, Momen? Ugh. Wow, that must be about four times as many as I've got. Uh, yeah, that's right. You've never picked that many before. You know, Momen, I think there's something fishy about this. Uh-huh. So they're not yours at all. Well, not really, no. Ninny's enjoyed herself. I bet her yak-y old aunt never let her go mushroom picking. She was probably only allowed to carry the baskets, the really heavy ones. Oh, how awful for her. They're stinky. What's he up to now? I'll take care of him. Hello, moment, long time no see. Not long enough. Last time you dipped my swimming shorts in glue. You know I thought that was very funny. Hey, what's that basket floating around up there for? I don't want to be rude, but mind your own business. It looks like the Hobgoblins work. Boy, just think of all the things you could do if you were invisible. Minnie, I'll carry your basket. Let's go. It stinks here. Hey, you! Isn't it me a name or just a description? What's wrong is your voice invisible, too? Please stop it, stinky. Can't you see you're frightening her? Oh, it's a girl, is it? Why doesn't she speak for herself? She's stupid. What a perfect name for her, Nini. Now look, stinky. Oh, yes, Moonman. Now look what? You stop upsetting Nini or I'll get really angry. Without those feet, she'd be perfect for a bank robbery. Well she's getting visible again, so she'll be no good to you at all, Stinky. You couldn't see any of her yesterday, not even the feet. Oh, oh. They're disappearing again. Oh, you have to's gone! It's all your fault, Stinky. Yes, and like I told you before, she'd make a brilliant bank robber. Don't you agree? Perfect! Yeah! Nanny would never do such a thing as that. And anyway, Mama's given her one of Granny's magic remedies. She'll soon be visible again, so they're there. Whose basket is this? Mine in little mice. Well, there's not many of them, but they certainly are pretty. There weren't many left for us to get, because Nanny has picked them all. It doesn't really matter how many you've got, because you can't eat them. Let me show you. Now, this is deadly, tuffed at Toadstool. And this is Cow's Bane. You must remember what they look like. These are movements and sniff, I should think. We didn't pick any poisoners ones. Not quite as many as Snork Maiden and Little My, but this is body flybane and insiduous pepper spunk, and you've both got cow'sbane too, you must be more careful. Now this is better, there's not one mushroom in here that you can't eat. How did Ninny manage to do this all on her own? What a very clever girl she is. Ninny, where are you? Come here a minute. Nini, didn't you hear? Mama wants you. Nini, this is a beautiful mushroom basket. We'll have a feast tonight. Her feet have come back! Oh, I'm so glad. We, soon be able to see your face! It won't take long at all, Ninny, and you mustn't worry about stinky one little bit. He's all talk! If something upsets you just think of something else, at least that's my philosophy in life. If somebody upsets you, ignore him! That's my philosophy, Ninny! Anyone who picks mushrooms like this deserves to be seen. You mustn't let anything frighten you when you're with us. Do you understand? Oh! Come on, everybody's waiting to see you. That's just great, nanny. Oh, that's wonderful, nanny, wonderful. I can't wait to see all of you. It won't be long now, but I don't think Mouse Gray is quite your color, you know. You just sleep as long as you like, Nanny. Good night now. If you want anything, you just shout. Oh Hmm Oh, where's Mum and Mama? Well, well, what are you doing? Do you know what time it is? Do you like this, Moomin Papa? Hmm. Yes, it's very nice. It's good to have someone in the house to make clothes for it last. I hope it'll look pretty on her. What's this for? Her hair. There. Good morning, Moomin, Papa. Good morning, little Mai. You're very early today. Where's Nini? Still in bed. You're a burly? I can't wait to see her. Come on, man. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm going to get some food. I'm't wait to see her. Come on, man. It's like waiting for Christmas, isn't it? Yeah, I like having presents every day. Isn't it, Papa? Well, I think it's much more exciting this way. We have to wait until she's ready to come down. Did you hear that door opening? She's awake! I hope she found the dress where I left it on the table. Oh, good. okay, I suppose. Thank you all very much for everything. Oh! Ha! So she can talk! They still couldn't see Nini's face. But at least they knew that she was there, that she was talking to them. It made them all feel a lot better. Stork made them look! They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and always at play. The movements are having fun day after day. The movements. The movements. They love the laughter and they love the living. The movements. the movements We're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and always at play The movements are having fun day after day The movements The movements The moment, the moment