Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me, therefore you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements, so come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, sing the best song ever, there were a movement, there was a movement, there was a movement, there was a movement Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba For a whole week, snorkema been curled up on the sofa, reading fairy tales. It's a lovely day, and at last, movement is persuaded to come out for a walk in the lonely mountains. Oh, it's beautiful up here. Aren't you glad you came now? Ah... This is much better than fairy tales, isn't it, Snork Maiden? Oh, look, Moomin! It's Adelvice! Hmm? Adelvice? No, it isn't. That doesn't grow here at all. I'm sure it is. I know what it looks like. I'm sorry, but it's not. Oh, it's just like in Heidi. No, it's not. It's just a daisy. Oh, come on. I want to pick it. Oh, no, it's too dangerous. I know then. You can do it. You're my boyfriend, aren't you, Moomin? Well, I suppose we could climb down there, but I promise you it's not Adelvice. That only grows in the Alps and they're hundreds of miles away. You're my boyfriend, aren't you, Moomin? Well, I suppose we could climb down there, but I promise you it's not Adelvice. That only grows in the Alps and there are hundreds of miles away. I know it's Adelvice. Be careful. They don't care about danger and fairy tales. That's why they call them fairy tales, silly. Fair Princess, please accept this, my humble offering. Thank you, Brave Knight. You were right, movement. This isn't Adelvice. See, I told you. It's gonna be hard to get down from here, you know. Can't we go back the way we came? Well, I think it'll be easier to try down from here, you know? Can't we go back the way we came? Well, I think it'll be easier to try to get to that path. If you say so. It's nearer anyway, and better than going up. I'm surprised you're such a good climber. Oh, Royalty is good at practically everything. Huh? Oh, start playing. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Stop playing us! Oh! Oh! Stop playing us! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! No! Stop, Peter! Let me see six petals. Huh. What was that? A giant snow ball? It can't be, it isn't winter. Oh well, nothing of interest to me. Now where was I? Huh? We start handling. Has Snorkmaiden just gone past you? Snorkmaiden, no, all I've seen going past is a very large snowball. That was Snorkmaiden. But she's not made of snow? Stop! Snorkma it! Stop! Snork made it! Snork made it! Oh, I'll praise the bo'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. She's unconscious. What are you trying to do? I want to get her home to Mama. Oh, difficult. She should lose a bit of weight. Perhaps she'd come around if we splashed cold water on her face. There's nothing to fetch it in. If you cut some bark off a tree trunk, you could make a small container. What a good idea. If you stay here, I'll go and do that. Wake up, Snorkmaiden. Oh, that's cold. Has she come round yet, Mr. Hemuelin? No. Okay. Oh good. It's working. How are your feelings, Snark Maiden? Are you alright, Snark Maiden? Oh, where am I? We're still up in Lonely Mountains. Who am I? Why Royal Highness the Princess of Lonely Mountains? What? A Princess? Oh yes, of course. the princess of Lonely Mountains. What? A princess? Oh yes, of course. And who are you? I am the prince of Lonely Mountains. Oh yeah? Oh yeah? With that ridiculous shape? Ha! No, a jester perhaps. You what? You there? Do not laugh! I think the poor girl must have lost her memory. Of course not, she's just pretending. When does not whisper with royalty present, do you hear? So sorry, your royal highness. A poor crafters cabin. This is your castle, ma'am. Royalty doesn't live in shacks. Snork maiden. Stop calling us that. It's very rude. Oh, forgive me. Our royal castle is elsewhere. Is it not? What? That must be a hunting lodge. No, of course that's what it is. Good. We accept that. Are you two gonna tell me what you're so busy looking at? Send a mate to my room, my good man. A maid? My good man. Papa, have you seen Snork Maiden? Yes, up there. Mama, please would you go on have a word with Snork Maiden? Have you been quarreling? Oh no. It's just that she fell and banged her head, and now she thinks she's a royal princess. What? Oh, oh, oh. Ah, Nanette! Come here, please. Nanette? I'm Boomin Mama. Oh, we're too weary for your foolish jokes, girl. Oh, we are very tired indeed today. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to Mama. Oh, we're too weary for your foolish jokes, girl. Oh, we are very tired indeed, Nanette. Please bring our silk nightie with the hand embroidered swans and clowns. Then you may go. I wish you, Mama. All right, I'm sure. But she seems convinced she's a princess. Sounds as if it's dangerous, doesn't it, Mama? Oh, I don't think so. I was only joking when I called her a princess. I'm very glad you didn't call her an opera singer. It's not made in the sleep now? Oh, yes. In a night gown with crowns and swans embroidered on it. And another thing, boom, and she wants a canopy put up immediately. What's that? Oh, a fancy cover over the bed. It's draped in silks, and velvets, and tassels. Oh. She was very upset because there wasn't one there already. It might be necessary. Her memory could have come back by the time she wakes up. Why don't we wait and see? She might be fine after a rest. I sure hope so. But what do we do if it hasn't come back? by the time she wakes up, why don't we wait and see? She might be fine after a rest. I sure hope so. But what do we do if it hasn't come back? Let's think about that if it happens. We might not have to build that canopy. Let me try it. Try what? To get Stark Maiden's memory back, what else? Oh, how? Well, I think that if she sees me, she'll remember me and then she'll remember everything else, too. Don't be silly little mind. If she doesn't remember me, why should you remember you, eh? Simple, because I'm unforgettable. There is that, I suppose. She's still fast asleep. Well, I'm glad we made the canopy anyway. It looks really great, doesn't it? Oh, oh, look! She's opening her eyes. Are you awake? Get up, Snork maiden. Come on! Let's go down to the beach! And who is that person? Come on, you remember me. I warn you of you, though you'll be sorry! Oh, quite amusing! Ah, so you remember me now! Of course we do! There you are, I told you! Who am I then? Well, you're another court jester, of course! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, eeeeh, Moment asked me to come over to Moment House and propose to some princess! Moments lost his marbles as well then! I think he wanted Stinky as a contrast. You what? You mean to tell me you're both my rivals for the hands of the royal princess? Well, it's not very original, but in order to win the princess. And half her kingdom, Stinky, you'll need to solve three riddles. Hey, that's great! What's this kingdom like? All right, sooner number one, you may now enter. Oh, that, Princess! How Are you ready? Fire away! Now then, listen. What is it that is yellow has four legs and sings? Oh, dear. An unusual canary? With four legs, you nincomboop. I don't know any birds with four legs. Who said it was a bird? All right then, what's the answer, snark baby? He shows no respect. Throw him into a dungeon and give him no food. You're heinous. He is temporarily out of his mind after the long journey here. Hang on, I'm not out of my mind. God, up she is. How for what's the answer? That's what I want to know. Silence, it does not concern you. Out of skin! How for what's the answer? That's what I want to know! Silence! It does not concern you! We believe you to be of lowly birth! Sorry about this, Nuffkin. Don't worry. Hmm, no, Sir Galaad, but not bad. I am honored to be here, your Royal Highness. He'll do. An easy riddle to start. Here it is. First, what is the number of which we think? Take your time. Two? Bravo, Gallant Knight. That is correct. Now listen, what is the word upon our mind? Love. That's amazing! Truly, the suitor has brains as well as looks! Question three, there are two numbers on our mind. What do they add up to? Answer carefully for it. Could unlock your princess's heart. 21. Oh, was that right, too? Oh no, it was 22. My heart is heavy. For chance we should have said it was correct. He was rather cute. Was he not just her? It's your turn now, stinky. Well, I suppose that even half of Snort Toss would be something. Ha, ha, ha. Think she'll ever get her memory back? Of course she will. This is not our idea of a suitor. His heart is aching for you, Royal Highness. Ah, let it ache. Oh, alright. I'll give him a chance. Here is a question number one. What is the number we are thinking of? Well of all our stupid questions! We haven't all day! He's stuck in that's up there. What? What's up with his hands? It's not fair, right? The man's back at his home. Go home. Give me another one I want after. Oh, what a rude suitor. We are no longer in the mood for royal marriage, Jester, at least not today. A wise decision. Oh, princess of the lonely mountains? They will be prostrate with grief, but bid the other suitors to go home. Do not let them beg. We would not like that. Very well, your royal highness. Do it kindly. We wish them no pain at all. From this day on, we shall devote ourselves to good works and to the well-being of our people. Oh. You, I didn't want to marry you anyway. Wonder what snort maidens up to now? Upstairs thinking. She says she'll devote her life to good works. Works, what works? I don't know, but she probably wants to be remembered in the history books. The princess who was adored by her subjects. Oh, she's coming down. Your royal highness, may I assist you? Send the net to us. She is on an errand, your highness. Then have someone else make soup, nourishing but not too rich. Soup, highness? Yes indeed, and then we shall take it to our poor subjects ourselves. What kind of soup? We don't know. We eat. We don't cook. The poor will be happy with anything brought by the princess herself. Now hurry, man. Be quick about it. No, she wants some soup. This will be ample. The poor do not eat much. It would only make the meal. I don't know anyone poor around here, your majesty. Nonsense! Greetings, Jester. What now? We're taking soup to the poor. Made with our own wriggle fingers. Do you know where they are, Jester? Your fingers? Oh, I know. Good! Wonderful! Take us to them now. They will be so grateful. You bet, Princess! That house there! Oh yes! It's nice to know that the poor and my kingdom are so well off! Oh, you! Please come over here! Hmm? Who are you? I'm the Princess of Lonely Mountain. Princess? Oh! What moment you're all highness! Do not keep us waiting! We have a lot to do! I'm coming! I'm coming! Oh! I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming! Oh! What moment you're all highness! Do not keep us waiting! We have a lot to do! I'm coming! I'm coming! Forgive me you're all highness! I had no idea you were... My mind's smart maiden! That common name again we are princesses! Handle sticks! You're not right in the head coming here bothering your elders and bettertors like this. My bettors? Oh, are you the queen then? I am Mrs. Philly, John. Now what do you want? You're just fulfilling our royal duty bringing soup to the poor, giving cheer to those less fortunate that ourselves? Here my good woman, now if you just pour, oh there you call me poor, you who who doesn't have a stitch of clothing to your name! Oh, the rich aroma of the soup must have overcome you, Mrs. Philly John. Ah! Eat it yourself, Your Majesty! Ah! This is how I treason! Send for the guard! Take her to the tower! Oh! Oh! We cannot see! I'm afraid that serves you Oh! We cannot see! I'm afraid that serves you right, Snork Maiden. Snork Maiden! Don't use that common name! Help us! We cannot see! Please don't steal your little highness. Oh hold a moment! Oh, oh, oh! I think it's stuck moment. Use the handle. Oh! Stop! You're hurting me, Bruce! I'll get it on! Out of the way! Ah, wait a minute. You can't break that soup, Torine. It's a family heirloom. And you mustn't hit snorkemaiden on the head. You might hurt her. Stop fooling around and get this thing off, will you? All right. Oh, poor smart maiden. You didn't have to get up that hard. Difficult to judge it with a broom. I've never hit anyone wearing a subterrain before. You will write your royal highness. Oh, forgive us, your royal highness. Sprinkle some cold water over her face. No, she'd hate that, mama. Snorkmaiden. Oh, it'd hate that, mama. Snork maiden. Oh, it's no good, woman. I don't think she'll wake up to anything but your royal highness. Your highness, your highness! Snork maiden. Oh, I'm so glad your royal highness is with us again. I hope your royal highness is not badly hurt. Oh. Where am I? In moment, Valiya, of course, stupid. Where do you think? That's weird. I thought movement and I had gone for a walk in the lonely mountains. Didn't we, movement? Huh? Do you remember who I am, Snorkmaden? Movement? What are you talking about, of course I do. And you don't think you're a princess anymore? Princess, have you gone crazy or something? What princess, what do you mean, Moomin? Hooray, she's back to normal. Snorkemaiden's back to normal. Yes, it's nice to have you back again. Yes, it's wonderful. Welcome home. What is? What's wonderful? Have you all gone loopier or something? Never mind, Snorkemaiden. You bumped your head, that's all. And so Snorkemaiden's brief spell as a royal princess came to an end, except that she was the only one who didn't remember it. But everyone else in Woman Valley breathed a sigh of relief. release. They're always happy and always at play The movements are having fun day after day The movements The movements They love the laughter and they love the living The movements Believing and sharing and caring And giving the movements The moon is the moment.