Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. They're for you on your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements, there are the movements, so come with me give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, sing the bass song ever, there were a movement, there was a movement, there was a movement, there was a movement La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la- Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap I think that rope is getting loose. Okay, Moonman, you'd better have a look before this wind has the whole tent down. I, I, Captain. A sudden storm has hit the happy fatness I've had. Papa, I think that rope is getting loose. Okay, Moonman, you'd better have a look before this wind has the whole tent down. I, I, Captain. A sudden storm has hit the havy fad in this island. Mumen Papa has decided that it would be far safer to stay the night on the island, so they put up the tent and moored the boat. This will show us what the weather's up to. That's as long as it's still working. I'm sure it's going to die down really soon. I wake up, Mr. Hemmler. When the storm clears, we must give this barometer straight back to the haddy fatness. Oh, I quite fancy keeping it myself to remind me of the island. You know, it seems to work after all. But Mr. Hemelon, that'll only remind you of the horrible haddy fatness. What about all the tons of plants you've found? That surely is going to be enough? Yes, I know, but there was only really one special flower amongst all those plants, and I nearly missed that one. Look, he's in a beauty. I discovered it as I was about to tie up the boat. Oh, woman, Papa. Yes, Mr. Hermann. You know when you all went to put up the tent, you told me to tie up the boat so she was safe. Yes, of course. Well, I'm not sure if I did. Not sure at all. Please try to remember, Mr. Hemelin. I can't. It's all very unclear in my mind. If the boat's not here, we'll be stuck on the island forever and ever. Well, we pulled it well ashore so it should be okay, but we'd better check on it as soon as we can. I'll go have a look. Quickly, Moment. Be careful. I remember I was just going to do it when I spotted this flower. Just by a rocket was, oh dear. Mumin. Boy, that was close. Tied to the tree and make sure it's tight. That should do it. Just in time. You know the waves must have been huge to reach this far. Well, we saved the boat. Yes. Well, this storm will be over soon. Is everything okay? Yep, everything's fine. Oh, thank goodness! So we're not stranded after all. Huh? No. We needn't have worried. I'm very sorry, really I am. Are you alright, Snort Maiden? Now I am. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I settle down for the night. But it's much too dark to see anything. The fresh air will do me good. Oh, that's a good idea. I could do with some fresh air myself. Wait for me. I'll come too. Let me and Crick are the money! There's still there hundreds of them all glowing! The hadifatners. They're waiting for us. The lightning must have recharged them. Look at them all. I wonder what they're once snuck in. Such a heavy storm would have given them lots and lots of energy. Gosh, they're ready for anything. They're not coming any closer. They seem fairly friendly. Maybe they just want to see what we look like. No, I know what they're here for. Well, what's that Snuffkin? It's their barometer, Moomin Papa. They know we've got it and they've come to get it back from us. Yes, I think you're right snuffkin. Mr. Hamilton, I do think you'd better give it back to them. Do I have to? Yes of course. After all it is there, isn't there a lot of them? Look, why don't you take it out to them now? You know the Burrometer does belong to the Mr. Hamilton. Oh, dear, dear. Give it to me. Let me do it, Papa. Well done, my boy. You must be careful, my dear. Don't worry, Mama. A boy isn't he brave. I think this is what you come for. Here you are. You can have it back now. Come on! I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. I'm not going to be able to get out of here. They didn't hurt you, did they? Ah! Go away! Lover alone! Are you alright, Snorgmaiden? What did he do to you? Just a bit of shock, that's all. What's that funny smell? Oh my god, it's your hair! What? What do you mean? What's happened to it? Oh, no, my hair. Mama, mama. Where's your mirror? Oh, mama. Oh, look at what those wicked, haddy fat nurse have done. It's here in my handbag somewhere. Hurry, mama. I must see what's happened to my hair. Here you are, dear. Look at me. Hurry, mama. I must see what's happened to my hair. Here you are, dear. Look at me. Look at me. It's awful. It's horrible. It's horrible. Don't worry. We'll put some magic ointment on and it'll come back all lovely and curly. I don't want nasty curly hair. I want my long, beautiful hair like it was before. Good, I hope that's the last we see of them. Oh dear, what's happened to Snort Maiden? My ear, my ear, where's my ear? I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. We've got to hurry. My wonder where they're going. Perhaps a saving away to a secret island. Somewhere very far away from here where they can live happily on their own together. I'm not sure if I can find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way to find a way Where are they going? Perhaps they're sailing away to a secret island. Something very far away from here where they can live happily on their own together. Gosh, enough kids, they're really weird. Well, it depends on how you look at a woman. They probably think we're a bit strange too. Snuffkin, you're really horrible. You knew I wanted to see them. Come on, you were fast asleep. Snoring your head off. That wasn't me snoring. That was Mr. Him you lnd. All right. If you say so. Well, I hope that's the last I'll see of them. Me too. That's a very pretty scarf, Snort Maiden. Yes, it is, isn't it? Can we go exploring, Mama? I don't see why not. It looks as though it'll be a nice day, and there'll be lots of exciting things washed up by the storm. Oh, it'll be a nice day, and there'll be lots of exciting things washed up by the storm. Oh, that'll be fun. Let's look for the other side of the island. What a good idea! I might discover some more plants! Mr. Hamillin, hurry up, sir, or it will be dark before we get there. Ah, you go on, Momen. I just want to have a better look at these flowers. Yes, alright. Very interesting. Just think. We could find all sorts of things lying on the sand. I hope in secret, sunken treasure. Well, let's hope it's not sunken anymore. I expect there'll be lots and lots of treasures from shipwrecks and things like that. But I find it before you! Oh, no, you won't! Look at all this! It's all mine! I'm gonna die real quick! Man, what's that over there? It's quite shallow right here. Well there must be something you've minute. Oh, dear, it's empty. I think I found something here. Ugh! Little lie, little lie. What's the matter? Come and see these beautiful shells I have! I'm too busy hunting for treasuren to bother with shells! Hey, what's this? Oh, look at this one! I've got a real collection here. Golly, lovely, and Mama's garden. Wow, watch that. What? I can't find any as nice as yours. Don't be in such an awful hurry, little my. Snark maiden! Snark maiden! Look! Look what I found! A proper treasure! Look! Oh! There's snow inside of it! I found it in a cave! What is it? What's this? It's a ship. Tell us, go. You can see for miles with it. I'll give it to Papa. It's better than anything I got. Hey everybody, I found something. Come on up and have a look. I wish I could find something interesting. Have you found some buried treasure? What a big lady. Is she dead? It's made of wood snork maiden. It's a figurehead from a ship. She's like a queen! Ha! She hasn't got any legs though Why don't we put her on the front of our boat? Nah, it's much too heavy. It must have come from a ship that was wrecked And sank and see perhaps it did And all hands were lost. I want to take it home What would you do with it? Use it to frighten people away. Help! Somebody help me please! That's old Mr. Hamlin! Gosh, I hope it's not more haddy fadders. Someone help please! We're coming! Woman, why do you like this old figurehead so much? You're staring at her. She's not all that special, you know? Yes, I know. She's not even real. Only made of wood. Do you like her eyes? Or is it her hair? Just because I haven't got any? Nearly there just a bit further. Come on, snuff it for me. Pull harder, come on. You're very heavy, Mr. Hemmulin. Oh, thank you, snuff getting safe my life. Oh! Boy, how'd you end up there, Mr. Hemmulin? One minute I was looking for plants the next I'd fall and right into that hole. I think you'd be safe for collecting stamps, Mr. Hemulin. Oh no, it's not here. Where is it? Oh, oh, oh. What is it now? Tell me. Uh-huh. May the mubulp preserve me. Calm down, Mr. Hemulin. Tell me what's the matter? My sample box, my sample box. Oh my goodness! You didn't leave it in the hole, did you? Yes, that's what I'm trying to tell you! Oh dear! All my precious samples, I'm so silly! Oh, Snuffkin! Oh... Oh, Snuffkin, would you mind? Okay, anything for some peace. Oh dear boy, you are wonderful. You shall have one of my rarest plants as a reward. And indeed you shall, I shall choose a magnificent one for you. Thank you very much, Mr. Hamelon. Gosh, your one-room movement is... Oh, there you are. What have you been up to? He can't take his eyes off that silly wooden lady. He just dares at her. Really? I do not. I just think she has a very beautiful face. Well, Moomin, now that you're here, I could really do with your help. What do you want, Snuffkin? Mr. Hemmillen dropped his box of samples down this hole and I'm going to try and get it. I didn't drop it. I fell in the hole and just forgot it when stuff can pull me out. You're a bit absent-minded, Mr. Hemmulin. No, I'm not. I can remember every Latin name of every single plant, you know. Okay, I'll go down, Moomin, but you'll have to help me get back up. Okay. I'll help you too. Now be careful. Can you see it yet, Snuffkin? I'm not down at the bottom yet. Oh, forgive me. I'm sorry. I found it. Wonderful. Tell me. Are the plants all right? You can check them yourself in a minute. Oh. Are you all right, Snuffkin? Wait a minute. I found something else. Oh, look! There's the boat! It's moment, moment, moment, Papa! Hello! It's gold! Hello! We've been hunting treasure! Go and get Moomin' Pop-I-Found Gold! Boy, oh boy, I wonder how much there is. Moomin' Pop-I-Wall-No? Well, I'm not going to get a little bit of a reward. I'm not going to get a little bit of a reward. I'm not going to get a little bit of a reward. Well, loom and papa, what should we do with all this beautiful gold? It would look lovely in the garden, don't you think? With all the shells that the snorkemaiden found, they look good in amongst the roses. What do you think, Mama? I'm sure they will, Papa. I'm sure they will. Moomin, she's only a stupid, legless doll. You can have my bowl full of snorkemaiden. No, thanks. Will I look after it for you? I can pretend it's my treasure. Oh. And that was the end of their first adventure in the new boat. Moomin Papa decided that it was much more fun to set off without maps and sea charts. You never know where you might end up. They're always happy and always at play. The movements are having fun day after day. The movements. The movements. They love the laughter and they love the living. The movements. The living, the movements Believing and sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and goes at play The movements are having fun day after day The movements The moment, the moment, the moment.