Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me. They're for you on your TV. They are the movements. They are the movements. So, what do you think? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. with me, therefore you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements, so come with me give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land, you can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there was the time of year for movement to get restless. Snuff can to leave Mogen Valley on his yearly trek south. Good morning, Papa. That bonfire looks inviting. I hear up already. Mm-hmm. We're buried in leaves this morning after that wind last night. Yes, winders on the way. Oh, this is a lovely bonfire. Yes, isn't it? I guess we're hibernating again this winter. Are we moving, Papa? Hmm, well, of course. We always hibernate in the winter. If Snuffkin says I could go with him, couldn't I give this winter a miss and hibernate longer next year? Mawd. Oh, please, moving, Papa. Snuffkin will rather go alone, I think, moving. But I might get him to change his mind. But Snuffkin's not really a person who likes to be pressed. Why not? Well, he's a very solitary person. His winter trip is the only time he can really be alone for a while. I know, but I was just hoping. Snoughkin likes you very much. I know that. And I think that's why he stays in Momen Valley for the rest of the year. But at heart, he's a vagabond and he needs time away from us. He's not a family man, so he's free to do as he wants. And as his friend, you should try to understand. I know you'd like to go with him, but I don't think it is such a good idea. He'd really hate to turn you down, I know. I guess. But he'd have to. Oh. Oh. Oh. Why aren't they biting? I haven't had a proper catch for days. Getting too cold is it? When are you leaving? Huh? You're about to leave, aren't you? Yes. Could I ask you something? What? Don't go without telling me. But why? I'm always sad when you leave, even though I know you'll return in the spring. Yeah. Me too, sort of. That's why this year I'd plan to leave without saying anything. But it makes me even sadder if I can't see goodbye properly. I'd like to wish you good luck and all that. I miss you so much when you're away. Please, Nuffkin. But it makes me even sadder if I can't see goodbye properly. I'd like to wish you good luck and all that. I miss you so much when you're away. Please, Snuffkin. Mumin, I have a better idea. I won't leave until after you've started hibernating. Then you won't miss me, will you? You're right. I'll take my great idea, Snuffkin. Then we won't really part at all, won't we? Nope. Because I promised to be back here in Movement Valley before you even woken up. Wonderful! What a super idea! Hey, moment! Oh, sniff! Moment, come here a minute! There's something funny caught up in a tree! What do you mean, funny? I don't know exactly never saw anything like it before. Snortman and little My found it first, but it's too high to get it down. Okay, I'll come have a look. Be careful! Careful! What is it, moving? I know what it is, it's a kite. Oh what? A kite is something you fly in the sky. There's no wings. No, you send it up against the wind on a string. Oh, oh a sec! Oh, throw it down! Yes, all right! Oh, song! This is what a kite looks like. Looks broken to me. I'm sure we can fix it and make it fly. Let's see. Oh no, the string must have broken when someone was flying it and the wind blew it down into the tree. Well, why don't we repair it? Yes, let's. Looks pretty badly broken to me. Well I don't know, we'll have to see. It is a kite isn't it? Hmm. Can we mend it? Maybe. A very odd kite? It must have come from far away. You think it can be repaired? Of course. Well, come on, then snork will help you repair it. I can repair it without your help, as long as you can find us some really long string, strong but not too thick of possible. I think I have what you need, some string. Good, excellent. I'll start immediately. I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. This is a really exciting project I haven't flown a kite for years. I do hope that string is long enough. Snowark is this okay? Fine, who's gonna fly it? I'll do it. Who cares, sniff? Moving? Hold the kite up high. Like this? Hmm. All right, sniff, are you ready? I'll do it! Who cares, Sniff? Moomin, hold the kite up high! Like this? Hmm. Alright, Sniff, are you ready? Yeah, I'm ready. Don't let go, do I say win? Win, moment! Ho! Uh-oh, it's fallen. Try again and this time start running and when the wind catches the kite you start paying out the light. Alright fine. Hold it up again, moment. Right. Ready? Yeah, I'm ready. Let go of it! Easy going up yet! No, it isn't. Stop! Let go of it! Yeezy going up again! No it isn't! Stop, Snap! You're breaking a kite! I don't think this kite's any good for anybody! The kite's fine! It's just that the wind is too weak! You're right. We'll have to wait for it to get stronger. Titty though, we certainly had a good strong wind yesterday. Is it okay? I think the wind is getting stronger, Moomin. Oh, my God! There it goes! With me, all the strength, little man. Boy, this wind is really strong! Can I let out the strength now? Do it slowly, my... All right. Boy, this wind is really strong! Can I let out the string now? Do it slowly, Mike! Alright! Let me do it! Snip them on! It's my turn! Let me break your kiln, little boy! Why not? Because you don't win, I'm taller! I'm very strong! My gun's quite dry! You come up with it! You're still... Yes, Papa? The difficulty could hold it for a while. Well, yes, you'd like it. Hold it really tight, then. All right, I could do this long before he was born! Oops! Watch the rain! Papa, why did you drop quickly? And I'm winding, I'm winding! Faster! Oh, winding Faster, open the faster! With such a strong wind up there, I think we have to lower the centre of gravity a bit. The kite's all right, Papa! Hmm, maybe it would take me with it. That's it! I suppose that's to stop it from spinning around, is it snorke? Yes, that's right! Hmm... What is it? Listen, I'm gonna ride that kite! What did you say? I think it's going to be okay now. If I hold on really tight, I think I could have a wonderful ride on that kite. Yes, maybe it'd be wonderful while you're up in the sky, but you've seen how fast it can come down again. But the snork just said it won't fall down again. Even so! I'm gonna do it. But no one must see me or they might try again. But the snork just said it won't fall down again. Even so! I'm gonna do it. But no one must see me or they might try to stop me if they guess what I'm up to. Oh, please don't do it. Shh! What are you doing? Listen carefully. Yes. When we fly the kite next time... Huh? What are you two whispering about? We weren't, Snork Maiden, I was just saying to Snif that the kite wouldn't fall down again. It won't, Snork is fixed it! But you can't be absolutely sure! And you'll be holding the kite, won't you, Snif? Me? Now then, do you want to do it, Moomin? Yes, and this time I'll let out all the line. And Snif, you could hold it up, okay? Yes, that's fine. No! I'm counting on you, sniff. And so am I, sniff. Hmm. Are you sure you'll be alright? Of course I will, silly. Well I'm not so sure. Why don't you keep your eyes closed then? Good idea. Okay, now let's do it when I say ready. Hi. Ready! Yeah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh That's it that's all of the line It's very high must be some wind up there. It's flying really well, isn't it? Certainly is. Oh! What's that? Let's see, there's something very strange happening on that kite. Huh! What is it? I can't see properly from here. I saw something. Could it be a bird, maybe? The kite is turned again, but it wasn't a bird. Or a twig or something, then. I doubt it. Can you see the back of the kite from where you are, Sniff? No, Mom and Mama, because my eyes are closed. Oh. I think I know who it is. Little Mai. What? No, I haven't seen all my fur. She seems to have disappeared. Don't ask me anything. I know nothing at all about it. Sniff, what do you mean? No, she was dead set on riding the it. Sniff, what do you mean? No, she was dead set on riding the kite. I couldn't stop her. What? Moment, bring it down very slowly. Huh? Take it easy, moving. That wind is strong strong it could break the line. But that was what a grand was best stream. It's the knot I wore in the board knot. The warmth between our line and the bit that was still hanging from the kite when we found it. The knot is fine if the knot is another method. Oh Hang on tight little Marl. That wind is getting stronger. Oh, this is more scarier than I thought. I'll just have to hang on as best as I can. Don't move around so much. I can't help it. It's almost down. I'm going to take a little more. I can't move. Don't move around so much. I can't help it. It's almost down. What? It's the open. Come on. Jeff, get up over. All right. Snort, play yourself together. Yes, all right. She's being blown away towards Lonely Mountain. Snort me out. Ooh, I do hope little My really is indestructible. Where in the world is this guy taking me? All lonely mountains, I'm a long way from home. Little My! Little Mai! Now she's going towards the forest of witches! She'll be alright if she fell into a tree, wouldn't she? I can't see her, there's no sign of her! Well, I'm almost sure she was heading this way. What is it, Sniff? Imagine she might have fallen somewhere, she might be lying there waiting for help. Oh, stop imagining things, Sniff. She's still up there. I'm sure of it. Huh? What is it, Papa? I saw something up there. Little Mai? No, Sniff. No, it looked more like the hobg goblin riding his panther through the sky. Really? Did you see that? Did you? You found me lying. No, the hob goblin. Then it was him. Forget the hob goblin. We're looking for little lion. All you can think of is the hob goblin. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. I'm not going to sleep. Where could she be? This is no good. We'll never find her wondering about like this. Moomin over here. You found her? There she is. Try to cheer up, Snork Maiden. I'll try. Don't worry, Snork Maiden. Movement Pupp will find her for sure. Eh? Mama, Snork Maiden! Feel the light. Mama, snork maiden! Oh, I'm so glad to see you, but I just knew you'd be alright. Like Moomin Mama said, little lie really is indestructible, but just possibly it served her right to have her hair pulled. Mmm, there's still no sign of little My? No. Be careful, Momen! Doom! What the fuck? Hang on, Momen! Help me, Momen, Papa! Finally, the name was rescued too. But he almost certainly had a fine worst scare than the blind. Leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements They're always happy and goes at play The movements are having fun day after day The movements The movements The movements The moon, the moon