Here they are for one and all, the movements are about to come, come on and sit down here with me.
Here for you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements, there were the movements,
there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-a!
Have you ever heard of Moon and Valley?
Deep white snow covers the whole valley, and everyone goes to sleep so that they keep warm.
Look, there's a woman house.
There's a woman, our hero.
A woman, a woman, a woman.
A woman, a woman.
A woman, a woman.
And this little bundle must be little my.
I think before our story starts, we better wake everyone up with some spring sunshine.
Oh!
At last! It's spring!
Wake up, everyone! It's spring time!
A woman, a woman.
A woman.
Oh, little my, you're up.
It's hard to stay asleep with you yelling.
I can't help it if I'm happy.
So yeah, woke me.
I was having a lovely dream about living in a watermelon.
But it's beautiful outside.
Oh, gee, isn't. Is it really, woman?
Yes, it's all fresh. The flowers are out and the sun is shining.
So, I like being asleep.
But it's spring. You said you wanted me to wake you as soon as spring was here.
Oh, boy, did I?
Yes, you did, little my. You said you wanted to be a welcome as soon as spring was here.
Really? Yes, you did.
Did I say something like that?
You can go back to bed if you want to. Nobody's making you get up, little my.
No, there's really no point, movement. I'm not sleepy anymore.
Well, there you are then.
Mama!
Good spring, movement.
Movement, mama. I'm starving. Have you got any watermelon?
No, but there's lots of other things.
We'll all have a nice big breakfast.
I can hear a snuffkin.
Good spring.
Wouldn't it be quicker to use the stairs?
More fun this way.
Are you going home now?
Yes, thanks very much for letting me spend the winter here.
Don't think your sister will be back yet, though. I'll go anyway.
Snuffkin!
Oh, hello, movement.
It's really good to see you, snuffkin.
And you too?
You're back, Arley.
Aren't you having a good time?
Yes, I was.
But I didn't want to miss spring time in movement valley.
What did you do?
I'll tell you later.
Let's go wake up, Snuff, and think of something exciting to do.
I don't think I'll like it.
He's still snoring, movement. I'll do it again.
Well, that's done it.
Come on, Snuff, it's spring. Snuffkin's here.
Please go away, you two.
We're going to do something really exciting.
Like what, moment?
I can think of more exciting things to do than this.
Well, let's imagine that we're the first ever to climb this mountain.
It's such a clear day.
We'll be able to see all of movement valley when we get to the top and the sea.
Good morning, Mr. Emulance.
Morning, moment.
Are your father and mother up?
Yes.
Mama was when I came out.
Good.
I'll never understand how you can sleep for months on end.
We like it.
Oh, yes.
Why do they always have to do something exciting?
What a gorgeous view.
It really is.
Hey, look, they're smoke coming from moment house.
We should have stayed at home.
The moment Mama's cooking something good.
Look.
What is it?
We're not the first here after all.
Look over there.
A top hat.
Hmm, a rather large one.
I wonder who's how it is.
I don't know, but I know papa would like it.
Hmm, it's much too big.
Oh dear, what's that?
I can really get inside it.
You see, I cover it for my old one.
Oh, I can't moment it.
Stop, moment.
No, that's enough nonsense as it can't take it off now.
Oh, damn.
What's the matter?
I can't move it. It's stuck, moment.
I'll give you a hand.
It's harder.
Oh, that's better.
Thank you.
What's all this noise?
Papa's head got stuck in the hat, Mama.
Oh, yes, and where did that come from?
Oh, moment, Mama.
The children found it when they were out and brought it back for me.
It's very smart.
What shall we do with it, Papa?
There is something strange about it.
Shall I throw it away then?
Oh, no. It's too good for that.
Do we know anyone with a very big head?
No, moment, Papa.
I know what we can do with it.
It's a...
A waste paper basket, Mooma Mama.
That's right.
Well done, Snuffkin.
That was easy.
Come on, Snuffkin.
Come and have some breakfast with us.
Hmm, beautiful.
Yes.
Sorry to disturb you, but I'm going to see Moomin.
Uh-huh.
Do you want to come with me, Snork?
Uh-huh.
Or would you rather stay here?
Uh-huh.
Well, are you coming or not?
Uh-huh.
Not coming, man?
Uh-huh.
Snork?
Well, you know my flying ship is almost finished.
It'll be ready this year.
You'll see.
This is an historic moment.
Oh, dear.
Perhaps it needs a little more work.
I wonder if you really can make a flying ship.
Don't be silly, of course you can't.
A little, my Snorks always dreamed about doing it.
Dreams were all right.
Yes, as long as they're not impossible.
I don't know.
Yes, as long as they're not impossible.
I suppose so.
Hmm.
Sniff, you're not still feeding your face, are you?
Do you ever dream, Sniff?
Only nightmares about having no food at all, little my.
Hmm.
I wonder who dropped this.
Where can I put it?
Oh, there you are.
Just a thing.
Wow.
Golly, what are they?
They're clouds.
Be careful.
Don't touch it.
It might be poisonous.
It feels like cotton.
Well, ee.
This is great.
I'm floating.
Wonderful.
Oh.
Can I try it?
Yes.
Wow.
Golly, what are they?
They're clouds.
Be careful.
Don't touch it.
It might be poisonous.
It feels like cotton.
Well, ee.
This is great.
Can I try it?
Are you ready, Snork Maiden?
Here we go.
Yeah.
What have you got to hide?
My phone.
Wait for me.
Hey.
There's a wait for me.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Hey, wait for me.
Let me get on.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Help!
I'm falling.
Mumen Papa is in his study trying to write his memoirs.
A lot has happened to him over the years.
An awful lot.
And he's trying to remember it.
What was that?
Mumen.
Hi, Papa.
What are you doing out there?
We're flying.
The clouds just came out of the house.
Try and get mirrors so I can reach you.
Oh.
No, I'm alright.
Why don't you come for a ride?
Stop.
Wait a minute.
It's great.
You feel like a bird.
Mumen.
Oh.
Come on, Papa.
Jump or you'll fall.
I hate it.
It's alright.
Oh.
Whoa.
Mumen Mama quickly.
What's the matter?
Have you seen what the children are doing?
Yes.
Look at them.
They're flying about on clouds.
It can't be safe.
Don't worry, Papa.
It's alright.
I told them to be careful.
Come on, Snappy.
Come on.
I won.
I won.
I won.
Whoa.
Hey, wait a minute.
Little cloud.
Wait for me.
Don't go away.
Oh.
Oh, I got you.
That is three cotton.
I'm going to climb right up here.
And I'm going to get you right there.
Come on.
Come on, little cloud.
I'm going to take you with me.
Hey, come on.
You just keep coming back.
Yeah.
I'm going to take you.
Yeah.
I got you now.
You are going to get away from me.
Here I go.
Come on.
All of that ledge.
Come on.
I want you to play.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
What's happening?
My cloud's starting to go.
Oh.
Whoa.
That was fun.
Yeah, it was, but I wasn't ready to stop.
Look.
There's movement in snorkemaiden.
Hey.
Hey.
Why have they still got cloud snuffed in?
There's a starting to go as well.
I think they'd better get off.
Hey.
Right.
I'll start counting.
One, two, three.
Do you want something little mind?
Yes.
A place to hide.
Five, six, seven.
Boy, I don't think there's any place to hide.
And here is there.
No.
Oh.
It's too dirty in there.
I know.
I'll hide in the head.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
One, two, one, two, one.
Hey.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh.
Huh.
Huh?
Huh?
Uh-huh.
Gotcha.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Slork made.
Well, last time I saw him, he was hiding in the fireplace.
Have you found him yet?
Have you looked in the cellar?
Yes, I have.
Wait a minute, did you hear someone laughing?
Where'd it come from?
G.I. better go home.
Oh, is there anything wrong?
Yes, I can't find moment anywhere.
Well, he's too fat to be most places.
To come in from under the hat.
Well, here I am, sniff.
Oh, on earth are you.
I one land didn't I.
You looked everywhere in the house, and you couldn't find me, couldn't you?
So I won.
Who would want to find you anyway?
Well, you were trying hard enough, weren't you?
What is this in your game?
My name's Snork Maiden.
What's yours?
I'm the King of Moomin Valley, my pretty one.
You're too ugly to be the King of anything.
Well, now, that's not a very nice thing to say to your friend.
Is it Papa?
Now, you'd better tell me what you have done with Moomin.
But I'm here.
Where?
Right here.
Who are you, and where is Moomin?
Papa.
I'm certainly not your Papa.
Yes, you are.
Come on.
I'm Moomin.
I don't know who you are, but you're not Moomin.
He's nice and handsome and nothing like you.
Have you looked at yourself in a mirror?
But where's my nose gone?
Oh, there's nothing there anymore.
Oh, no, my tail's all pushy.
Oh, no!
Oh!
Here!
This is terrible!
Oh!
Who are you?
What have you done with me?
It must be a nightmare!
I want to come back.
Go away, you're horrible.
Dear me, what's all this noise?
What's happened?
Mama!
Mama!
Mama!
What earth is this?
He says he's Moomin, but just look at him.
You don't look like I'm Moomin.
I am, I am.
Please believe me, Mama.
I am Moomin.
Well, I don't know.
I'm sure.
Something's happened to me.
Why do I look so different?
Now then calm down.
This won't help at all.
We don't need all this noise.
If you really are Moomin, then everything will be all right.
Just give me a minute or two and I'll know.
Mama, call me Moomin, please.
I don't know what's happened, but I am me.
Honestly, I am.
Mama, please believe me.
I am Moomin.
Let me see.
Oh, Mama, you do know it's me.
You must, you can't forget your little Moomin,
please, Mama, please, Mama.
Oh, hush now, hush now.
Mama!
Shh!
Yes, you're my little Moomin, all right.
Oh, Mama!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh!
A Moomin!
Papa?
A Moomin, my boy.
Where were you hiding?
In there.
In the hat?
Let's hope it's the last we'll see of it.
Moomin, Papa, decided that although it was a fine hat,
it was too dangerous to keep.
So Moomin threw it in the river and it floated away.
He wasn't too sure about it, though,
because it was a rather special hat.
They love the laughter and they love the laughter.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the Moomin's.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the Moomin's.
They're always happy and always at play.
The Moomin's are having fun day after day, the Moomin's.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the Moomin's.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the Moomin's.
They're always happy and always at play.
The Moomin's are having fun day after day, the Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
Here they are for one and all.
The Moomin's are about to call.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the Moomin's.
They are the Moomin's.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to Moomin land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Mumin loves to spend as much time as he can with his friend, Snuffkin.
Snuffkin?
Snuffkin?
Where are you?
He must have forgotten I was coming and gone off somewhere.
How can he enjoy being here on his own?
I'd like to be alone now and then you know.
Oh, silly. Let's go and explore.
Let's leave it till tomorrow, Snark Maiden.
But we said we'd go today.
Yeah, we did too, Mumin.
You are the one that said it, you know.
Hmm, you did. I didn't.
You did too.
Oh, you must come.
We're going to collect shells on the beach.
Come on. It'll be fun.
Oh, no.
Hey!
It's Snuff.
Where are you guys going?
Oh, I envy Snuffkin.
Oh, why?
I just do.
I wonder where Snuffkin has gone.
I wonder if we'll ever find anything as exciting as the hat.
Yeah, it was very special that hat.
Did you really throw it in the river?
Yeah.
I wish you hadn't.
It was much too dangerous to keep.
Look at the horrible things it did to me.
But what about the eggshells it turned into clouds?
Yeah, it was good fun flying around.
Perhaps I'll find an oyster with a huge pearl inside.
Snuffkin.
Moment.
Moment.
Moment.
Moment.
Wake up.
Snork made me tell.
What?
What's happened?
We were playing tag and she fell into an ant lion hole.
We've got to get her out quickly.
Come on, moving.
Nearly there, Snork Maiden.
Just a bit further.
Help me, Snuff.
Give me your hand.
Hurry.
Look out.
It's the ant lion.
Look what you're doing to my hole.
I'm sorry.
I'll be out soon.
Stop yelling and kicking like that.
You're scaring off my prey.
Are you all right, Snork Maiden?
I can't reach her.
I don't have to have ants for lunch, you know.
Don't be a woman, please.
You better get in there, Sniff.
What?
Me?
Don't worry.
I'll hold on to you.
You're the only one tall enough, Sniff.
Come on.
You look nice and tasty.
I'll eat you and Sniff.
You look nice and tasty.
I'll eat you and Sniff.
Good Sniff.
Look, hi.
Get in there.
You're big.
Where you from?
You thought you called me a bigWhen.
Woah!
You gotta grab.
Scoughter Right now.
Snork Me.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Right.
Are you ready?
Hold tight.
Come on, nearly a bit.
Ah!
Ah!
Come on, nearly a bit.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Where have you been, self-kin?
That's a big, secret movement.
I won't tell anyone.
All right. It's the magic hat.
It's on a sandbank further down the river.
Gosh!
But something terrible is happening.
What? What is it?
Oh dear, perhaps we shouldn't have thrown it in the river.
It's too late now.
Let's go.
It's too late now.
Let's get there, cooking.
There it is. It's caught on a branch in the middle.
Where? Oh, Smovkin, I can see it.
Look at the water. It's all red.
Hmm. Seems to be coming from the hat.
I wonder what it is, move.
I won't get it.
Be careful.
Shall I come too?
No, you stay there.
Have you got it?
Uh-huh.
Wow! It's raspberry juice.
What should we do with the hat?
Well, I don't think it's a good idea to leave it lying around.
Somebody might crawl into it.
But if we put water in it, we can have as much raspberry juice as we can drink.
Well, that would be nice.
But you know, movement.
It could only be river water that does that.
You know what I mean, movement?
Well, I think it's worth experimenting.
...
What's the matter, moving? You look very tired.
I woke up in the night and couldn't get back to sleep.
Ha, pardon?
Couldn't get back to sleep.
Ha, what are you talking about?
I was awake last night too.
And I know why you're so tired.
You must have been dreaming.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm in a hurry.
Thanks, mama.
Where are you going, Moomin?
Moomin!
Somewhere you can't come.
Somewhere private.
So, what was that all about, huh?
Oh, nothing really important, Moomin, Papa.
I think I'll go out.
Ha, ha.
Nobody hides anything from little, my.
Snopkin!
Hey, I found out who's had it is.
Who's?
The Hobgoblins.
The Hobgoblins.
Yeah, I asked the Hemmielin and he told me that he saw him once, long ago wearing that.
I heard about the wizard who flies in the sky.
Yeah, on the back of a black panther.
The Hobgoblins is hundreds of years old and cares only for rubies.
He rides all over the world, searching for them.
He's truly awesome.
And so, when he dropped his hat?
He must have been looking for some rubies right here in Moomin Valley.
Do you think he's got a lot of hats, Snopkin?
Gee, I don't know.
Well, do you think perhaps he doesn't know where he dropped his hat?
Yeah, I suppose that's possible.
Snopkin!
There's something I would like to try with the hat.
Just don't put it on.
Will you?
He's in there somewhere.
Hat lions are pretty stupid, you know.
Yes, Moomin Papa told me it takes him hours to dig themselves into the sand.
Oh, no, it doesn't.
It only takes him one hour.
Only an hour?
You're kidding.
Well, of course, an hour is a long time to spend, digging.
Are you talking about me?
Yes, about how quickly you could dig yourself into a hole in the sand.
A lot quicker than you think it'll take.
Moomin here says it takes you only one hour to dig a hole in the sand.
But I can't believe that.
Snopkin says it takes several hours, but I think he's wrong.
I'll show you how long.
Gosh, that was rather fast.
Yeah, but it's obvious he's already got a ready-made hole hidden there.
Don't you ant lion.
No, I do not.
I can dig myself in anywhere, anywhere at all.
How about here?
Yeah, okay.
Under this rock.
All right?
Anywhere.
Just show me.
Okay, start from here.
Yeah, just there if you don't mind.
All right, start counting.
Wow, you only took a second and a half.
He's really something, isn't he?
He certainly is.
I'd better sit on it.
Yeah, he'll be a really mad.
So you've caught the ant lion.
I've been watching.
Little boy.
Right.
Did you follow us last night?
Yes.
Oh, did you tell the others?
Oh, don't be silly you guys.
I haven't said a word yet.
But you will if we don't let you join in with us.
That's what she's doing, movement.
No, as if I do such a thing.
Of course, I'm forgetting how nice and kind you are.
Hey.
Hey, what is that?
Nope, no hat anywhere.
There's gallons of water.
Gosh, there sure must be a lot of sand in there.
He must have changed into something else by now.
Probably.
It must have been long enough.
Oh, jump off.
He isn't strong enough to move the rock by himself.
Shall we help him?
No, don't.
Come on, let's do it.
What's happened to him?
Let's turn it over.
Oh, no, I can't look.
I'll give it a try.
Oh.
It's a hedgehog.
It's a sword.
It's a sword.
Shoot.
You!
You!
Waaaah!
It's a cow!
Yeah!
You!
Waaaah!
You!
You!
You!
Cat Mom 따가워alling
cat Mom 따가워�
Cat Mom 따가워 KEY
Cat Mom 따가워
Cat Mom 따ATHER
Cat Mom 따가워
Cat Mom 따가워
Cat Mom 따가워
Cat Mom 따가워
I'm afraid so I hope you hit it well the seller will it be safe there will only little
my and us to know where it is hmm the red I wonder if it's possible to change it
in the spaghetti there's something I think you want to know what is
it there are strange things happening in the house in the house there's a tree in
the seller a tree that's nice what did you say a real tree yes and it seems to
be growing and growing what have you done little my just dropped a bit of
thread into the magic hat but movement threw it away yeah we did but we sort of
found it again and put it in the cellar oh dear we must tell movement popper
before it's too late come in it's not locked keep going tree you can grow as big
as you like and just tell me if you're thirsty or anything
and how about some fruit soon I really like pairs come in I'm very sorry to disturb you
popper what is it well it's not good what do you mean not good I think you'd better come down
and have a look at once so you can see for yourself what's happening before it's too late too
late oh that sounds a bit ominous don't worry I'll sort it out whatever the catastrophe
now listen you you leave my husband's desk alone or you'll be sorry all right dear I'm coming
now this is definitely a catastrophe I think you'd better get me a saw mama oh oh oh
oh everything's in the cellar and it would be a bit difficult to get in there now
movement popper they'll never mind we haven't got time I'll break them by hand
look at moving house come on snork maiden this is fun but what happened little my I've been
gardening that's all aren't I clever this catastrophe is going on too long I'm hungry oh look on
the bright side popper it could be a long time before we run out of firewood there take that oh oh
that'll teach you to try and take over moment house
hopper look at all these lovely flowers
and flute
popper popper you must try some oh they're lovely and juicy
oh no little my must have put something into the hat
moment where are you moment moment here I am oh moment I was afraid that you were inside the house
mama papa little mine they can't get out we'll need some saws and axes they're still being
less cellar and we can't get in this way we must try and find another way all right I'll run and
get some help you do not have to little one are you the hubgovern sir I am he I can see that you have
found my hat yes sir it was on top of the mountain I think the that tree seems to be doing remarkably well
however away with the
oh my goodness be I oh oh my oh dear
oh that really is some hat you have there mister goblin I'm sorry I troubled you we're just glad
you came along when you did mr. hub goblin you're most kind madam I don't suppose you'd have
any uncommonly large rubies here would you you finding my hat here must be an omen
here you are mr. hub goblin my husband moman papa gave it to me it is fine indeed and you are
lucky to have it but I'm afraid it is not the king's ruby I am looking for what do you mean king's
ruby I have searched for it for hundreds of years moman mama I'm afraid I am obsessed by it and cannot
find it anywhere well if we see it we'll light a signal fire you are most kind madam and I feel
we shall meet again soon
he's not bad for a hub goblin come on everybody let's start stacking up all this wood
let's do it
and so the hub goblin's hat finally disappeared from moman valley
moman rather missed having an ever-ending supply of raspberry juice but his parents were more
than happy that it had gone
yes the moman
yes they love the laughter and they love the living the moman
believing in sharing and caring and giving the moman
they're always happy and go as it played the moman's are having fun day after day the moman
the moman's the moman's
they are for one and all the moman's are about to call come on and sit down here with me
they're for you on your TV they are the moman's
they are the moman's so come with me give me your hand I'll take you up to a moman land you can fly
just like a bird sing the song ever there were the moman's
there were the moman's there were the moman's there were the moman's
there were the moman's
there were the moman's
there were the moman's
the sun is shining and moman valley is enjoying its usual peace and tranquility
wait a minute who's this wait for me moment
moman moman are they ready are what ready the pancakes
not yet this hobgoblin wood doesn't seem to burn very well are they cooking they won't be long have some lemonade while you're waiting
moman are the pancakes ready yet
oh well everything seems normal in the moman house
but don't bow I'm a no good me good boop mini no you're not snork you're very clever
I'm a failure a flop of frightful fraud and a misfit
but your land ship was a success wasn't it
kick stuff look if you can make a ship that runs on land
then I'm sure you can make one that flies I believe in you fat lot of good that does me snort and maiden
you know last night I thought I've done it a flagship then I looked at it again no good no good it was all wrong
wouldn't couldn't fly at all or how could someone so intelligent be such a lady
oh dear oh dear
well they're ready go and tell the others little my
all right moman mama where's moman and snork maiden snork maidens fallen again
come on snork maiden cheer up I'm sure snork will get over it
inventors always feel down in the dumps when something doesn't work
this moman papa do you think he invents stories doesn't he moman
well there was really snork maiden do you want some pancakes
yes please moman mama moman go and get papa I have a feeling his writing has got stuck again
okay mama now what's the matter snork maiden
the sun returned to the eastern sky when morning came and everything started to get lighter and loud
dear everybody knows that even the stupidest retard really
I have absolutely no literary talent I'm an ignoramus son a literate dilettant no
and a literate idiot it's high time I gave up writing though
yes papa what is it moman
uh mama said to tell you the pancakes are ready
well I can't stop now I'm being creative I'll eat later
oh really yes anything else
yeah no I thought you said something
moman wait I'm coming
that was really good moman mama I'm going out I'm coming
no you can't snuffkin and I are going on an adventure and it could be dangerous
nice snuffkin hello moman didn't think you were coming sorry I'm late what's that
a leaf boat look it sails on the river just like a real one
I bet it goes all the way down to the sea and maybe even to some foreign lands
gosh snuffkin I'd like to do that one day let's go then shall we
little my wanted to come but I told you it was too dangerous
hmm perhaps it wasn't the best thing to say look
I thought they could use a bit of fun wait oh man
are we really going to climb up there look I don't think we can all go it'll just be
moving in me I'm not climbing up there well I am wouldn't you like to keep me
company instead look there's a cave just a little bit further along this path
why don't you two girls wait for a sec we won't be long
but if you can walk to it why on earth climb to it
difficult for a girl to understand well I think boys are difficult to understand
we're not sure we can reach it from above well we'll soon find out
are you coming with a sniff oh I think I'll guard the rear protect the cave
from below oh yeah well someone has to look after the girls someone responsible
oh my goodness it's dark in there let's go in then I don't like the look of it
we'd better stay out here you never know who might live in there don't be silly
no one lives in there that's what I don't like yes exactly a place
with no one living in it is really scary I think we must be right above the cave
here maybe I can't find a hole though let's look a bit more over that way moving
wow I never seen a shell like this before look at that one they must be worth
a fortune come over here and look little mine where's little my snorke made
and she went into the cave sniff oh no she can't do that it might be dangerous
little my little my come out no you come in scared he can't you can't just go in like that
you can't so tell me how would you go in then mr. know it all
stay where you are we'll rescue you you're coming too aren't you snorke made
and you can't stay here alone I suppose so let's go shall I hold your hand in case
you get frightened little my where are you stop it please you're frightening
snorke made it oh really I thought I was frightening you your voice is so shaky
shaky oh wait I sound normally hey be quiet no I can hear something me
too perhaps it's the wind no snorke maiden it sounds like someone moaning
you can't scare me like that no one lives here who want to live here anyway it's dark
and cold it's moment and snuffkin they've climbed out and we can hear their voices
in the distance so we needn't worry why would they be moaning no it's not them I'm
gonna go and investigate don't little my please please stop it
pull hard movement will this do right who's going first me okay but please be careful
I will take it easy movement there's no hurry
hey are you all right movement yes of course
talk to me movement are you all right oh I don't know I think so my bottom's a little bit sore though
I'm sure I heard somebody scream just now well the Himmelin was down here having a nap
the Himmelin if this is another of your games woman I don't like it Mr. Himmelin
we were climbing down from the top we didn't know you were sleep
that's not quite right I wasn't asleep I wasn't the tall comfortable you know well
what were you doing here then well to tell you the truth I really haven't been quite
myself lately you haven't lost any more rare stabs have you Mr. Himmelin
and the contrary movement I have them all even the rarest every single one
then what's wrong that's good isn't it I mean my collection is complete
and no one in the world has a better stab collection than you have Mr. Himmelin
no of course not mine is perfect there isn't a stamp I haven't got rare ones old ones
misprinted ones I have them all I still don't understand there's no challenge
nothing to search for you're too young and you don't collect stamps oh dear me dear me
I'm beginning to understand he's not a collector anymore he's got all the stamps
he could ever want that's a trouble it's not half as much fun that's why you're sad
isn't it Mr. Himmelin yes it is no fun no fun at all no I understand I can see
why you're upset and me falling on top of you like that did it really help did
it not exactly moment look who was taking a nap in the cave
oh it's you Mr. Himmelin so it must have been his snoring that we heard what a
noise he was making I'd never ever snore you certainly do
Robbys look if you promise not to tell anyone I'll take you to see something very special
what is it
I think it could be repaired of course it could easy but you know you can't always tell
the keel doesn't look too good yes we could take it out to see a no time the sales
got holes in it hey I can't find any owners you can paddle all steer look out friends
it's going over hang on everybody I've lost my confidence and it makes me feel very
unhappy well it can happen to anyone you know even to you well not much of course
lucky you I just don't know what to do how can I get it back there must be a way
it's hard to say everybody's different but with me it just happens I don't think
I'll ever invent anything again perhaps I'll have a break from my memoirs too
tea time oh dear what's the matter with you too you look a bit down in the
dance you know I might have been a bit overconfident me too I think
there's no need to yell we can hear you watch the matter sniff
we found a boat on the beach come and have a look a shipwreck washed up on the shore
it's not a wreck and it's got a white sail we're going to repair it and then it'll be ours
all right I'm coming come on snork let's take a look at this boat it could be
just the thing the chair is both up so it's got a sail a white sail you say
that could be extremely interesting it's a sturdy little craft is nicely built well
designed she's abandoned so does that we can keep her
it seems to be in pretty good condition except for the hole in the bottom you
know maybe that's why she was abandoned here you could be right softkin finders
keepers you guys of course it makes it our boat you'd have to wait to see if anyone
claims it first little mine what shall we do then papa well first things first
we must repair the hole and then tire up securely in case there's a storm absolutely
then if the owner comes we ought to give her back to him mind you she might know
she's here so what are we going to do when we've repaired her it's bad for boats not
to be yours we could sail the seven seas I'd be happy just to explore around here
don't worry snork maiden if we get big waves we can sail between them isn't that right
moment papa well in a way come on let's get to work how about you snork will you help us
yes of course can I do anything for you moment papa yes if you'd like to Mr. Emulane well
I'm afraid I'm not much of a builder but if there is something I could do well let's
get her out of the water first shall we and we'll need some big logs to go under
I think ten should be enough I'll be safe to work on so we'll want something strong
to keep her upright as well and lots of tools I'll go home and get some and I think we'll
need a bucket and a shovel I'll come with you help you choose yes you go I'll stay
and keep guard in case the owner comes back
sleep well man the top sales what are they all in bed my dear yes dear sleeping
like logs I'm not surprised they all work very very hard today I can't wait until the
boots ready and we can sail off somewhere my dear will go anywhere in the world you like
anywhere at all you've only got to say enough will jolly will go it doesn't have to be
far dear let's get to bed too we've got an early start of the morning oh intellectuals like me
aren't used to this hard work I'm tired out and I can hardly move mama I better put these
tired legs to bed good night dear moment Papa this would be good for him I think
oh dear oh dear a perfect fit if I may say so yeah well now for the rest of her right
look at me moving I'm doing the Tari I know little my I'm only doing where you can't
reach oh all right then sniff you lazy land lever bring me some or tar right now I won't get
yourself you lazy thing you wanted to do it I didn't want to carry tar though and anyway I'm
the painter come on hurry up moving mama should I cut it all out yes please
not made
hey feeling all right mr. Hamilton yes thank you you're fixing the boat very
quickly yeah we sure are should be finished very soon yes I'm sure it will that's
what I was afraid of what shall I do then snuffkin well maybe you can start collecting
something else what you think something else like what well I don't know anything
really how about butterflies no my second cousin does that and he's a complete idiot
it has to be something interesting ornaments ornaments yeah you could collect those
however not scientific well it's up to you but I think you really ought to collect
something mr. Hamilton
ah
mama mama
mama quick hurry up we're gonna launch the new boat all right wait for me I'm coming
the sale you meant it is perfect mama come on how you ready everybody I'll count to
three and then push as hard as you can one two three
and so with their new boat finally repaired and uncleaned movement and the others
began to get very excited about their trip around the world even snorke and mr.
Hamilton were in unusually high spirits all aboard for a trial run I've
decided what I'm going to collect flowers look here's my first sample it's a sweet
fryer Rosa Robeganosa that's great good for you snort maiden I just had a new
idea for my friendship I'm certain it'll work this time of course it will snorke
good luck I better get on right start paddling everyone we'll be back soon my dear
moment mama take as long as you like papa I'll prepare something cold for
when you get back one two one two way away to the deep blue yonder one two one two
they love the laughter and they love the living the movements believing in sharing and
caring and giving the movements they're always happy and always at play the
movements are having fun day after day the movements the movements they love the
laughter and they love the living the movements believing in sharing and caring and
caring and giving the movements they're always happy and goes at play the
movements are having fun day after day the movements the movements the movements the
movements
here they are for one and all the movements are about to call come on and sit down here
with me there for you on your TV they are the movements they are the
movements so come with me give me your hand I'll take you up to a moment land you
can fly just like a bird sing that song ever there were the movements there
were the moments there were the movements there were the movements there were the
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
It was a lovely day, and Mumen, his family and friends decided to go for a trip in the
boat they'd found washed up on the beach. They didn't know where they were going, and thought
it would be much more fun that way.
Momma, we're not going away forever, you know.
I hope not.
I don't think we'll need all these pots and pans.
It's best to be prepared at sea.
What do you mean?
Well, you'll only complain if you don't get a hot meal.
I never complain.
And you know how hungry the sea air made you all last time we went out on a boat.
You'd have been glad of food then.
You got to rough it a bit if you want an adventure.
Yes, but it will be more fun with coffee and pancakes.
Aren't you too ready yet?
Hello, Mumen!
Hi, snorkebagel!
Whoa!
Must you use that ladder?
I'm all right.
Mumen, you're going to hurt yourself one of these days.
It's good practice.
It's not coming with us.
He says he hasn't got time for sailing boats at the moment.
I'd much rather a real sailing boat than a paper flying ship any day.
Our mama and papa are ready yet?
They're packing a path the kitchen.
Oh, it's too full.
Have we got to take all that with us?
Our mama thinks it's better to be safe than sorry and she's usually right.
Tell me, Mumen, where exactly are we going?
We haven't decided yet.
That's right.
Wait and see.
Mr. Hamulin, have you found a rare plan for your collection yet?
Unfortunately not.
There are lots of these in Mumen Valley already.
Goodness, where are you taking all that?
We're going sailing.
How exciting, charting new seas and exploring desert islands.
Never know.
If I help you load up the boat, can I please come with you?
Captain of Ridge, down the yard arm, hankers away, sailors beware, splice the manbrace,
all hands on deck, full speed ahead.
Hey, Sniff, any sun of the movements?
Not yet.
It's a great day to go sailing.
I wonder where we're going.
I don't have any idea.
I don't actually like sailing much.
Do you get sick?
Well, not really sick.
It's just that I can't swim.
And if it's rough, it frightens me and I panic a bit.
It looks like it's going to stay calm.
So don't worry.
Right, that's the lot.
Now, all aboard.
Mama, little Mai, Stafkin, Moomin,
Snork Maiden, and Mr. Hambylin' of course.
Isn't he a bit old for adventures?
Not at all.
No, Moomin' Papa has promised to find a deserted island where I shall search for rare plants.
Don't you want to go?
Do you want to go?
No, move it, you.
Come on, Sniff, hurry up.
There's no rum.
Don't be silly, Sniff.
Of course there is.
It looks very full, almost thinking.
There's no way this boat could sink.
Now, come on, get him.
Oh.
Really?
I promise it'll be all right.
Won't it, Papa?
Well, if it stays like this, it will.
Moment.
I'll come next time.
Let's go, moment, Papa.
He's just a scary cat.
Hmm.
We'll go without you then, Snape.
Hmm.
I think that will be best.
Anyway, someone had better stay and look after moment house
and it might just as well be me.
That's very thoughtful of you.
There's a pancake on the kitchen table
that you can have for lunch.
Thank you, Mama.
Have a nice trip.
I wish Sniff had come.
He's a big softie.
Well, he's not very good at swimming
and he does eat rather a lot.
This is the life, isn't it, Mama?
It certainly is, dear.
This is the life, isn't it, Mama?
It certainly is, dear.
Oh, look, not a breath of wind.
Shall I start rowing, Papa?
Yes, you'd better get Sniffkin to help you.
Aye-aye, Captain.
It's hardly moving.
You'll have to do better than that.
We're doing our best.
You two would be useless as galley slaves.
It's good that we're not then, isn't it?
So then, what's your excuse?
It's not easy rowing against the tide.
You try it.
No, dear, at this rate, I should be lucky
to find one rare plant.
Well, Mr. Hamlin, you could always try
collecting some seaweed instead.
There's plenty of that.
I have heard tales that if you whistle,
those who perished at sea will send you a wind.
Land! Ahoy!
Look, Moomin, Papa!
That's too small to be any good.
You're right.
Hey, look, Papa! We're moving again!
The tide's turned and the wind's up.
What a beautiful island!
And a perfect place to land, too.
Oh, I bet this place has got some rare plants.
Be careful when you explore.
There could be wild animals there.
Now it's time to go.
Let's go.
I'll be careful when you explore.
There could be wild animals there.
Now if someone will go and collect some wood,
I'll get a fire started.
I bet none of you will say no to coffee and pancakes.
Watch me, you land lovers.
I'll go and pull the boat ashore.
I suppose you're right.
As I said, Papa, it's always better to rough it
with a little bit of luxury.
I wonder if we're the first to set foot on the island.
Thank you, children.
Is there anything else you want us to do?
No, I don't think so.
Is it okay if I go explore the island?
Of course, off you go.
Coming, Snork, may done.
I'll stay and help Moomin Mama with the cooking.
Mama, you said we needed firewood.
Is this enough?
My goodness for a lot.
You know, I don't think anyone lives on this island.
I haven't seen anyone unless they're hiding in the bushes.
I've seen someone.
Oh yeah?
Who?
Well, they weren't very big.
What do you mean, this big?
Well, same as me.
What did they look like?
Sort of white and ghostly and not very friendly looking either.
Well, you probably just thought you saw something a little mic.
I did see them. I did too.
Keep your hair on.
I'm not saying you didn't see anything.
Goodness, this is magnificent.
Oh, what a find.
And what's this?
I don't know.
Oh, I don't know anything.
What's this?
What's this?
Oh, well, well, well.
I've never seen such rare and beautiful mountains.
It's never seen such rare and beautiful plants.
Well, what's this? Goodness, it's a perimeter.
Now, let's see. Rain and storm. Probably broken.
Oh, hello. Who are you? Oh, I see. This is your perimeter, isn't it? Now watch it. Mind you don't travel on those flowers, will you?
Oh, no, no, no. They're coming to get me. Don't go away. Don't go away.
I think what little my saw was a hatty fattener. They're not ghosts, are they snuffkin? No, they look kind of like it, but they're really harmless enough movement.
Oh, dear, what on earth was that? It sounded like Mr. Hamulin.
That's it, that's what I saw. It's Mr. Hamulin. Help, get me down.
Why are they after you, Mr. Hamulin? What'd you do to them? I don't know. I just tapped on this post and asked them to be careful with the flowers.
They seem a bit angry to me. Well, then I tapped the marrometer to check the weather, and they came at me.
Well, I don't think it's a flower somat about. Maybe they thought you were trying to steal the marrometer.
I don't want it to keep it. My goodness, I'm collecting flowers, not marrometers. Well, hang on.
I can't hang on much longer, hurry, please. They don't look so easily frightened. No, now let me think.
Hurry, I'm slipping.
I've got it, Mr. Hamulin. The hatty fattener can't see or hear very well, but they are very sensitive. We'll have to try and frighten them.
I suggest you shake the post as hard as you can. Harder, harder, Mr. Hamulin.
Look, they can feel the ground moving. Keep going, Mr. Hamulin.
I'm getting very tired. I've been touched if I can't.
They're not going, it's no fun. Are you sure this will work?
You can stop now, Mr. Hemmilan.
Mr. Hemmilan!
Oh dear!
Hey, are you all right, Mr. Hemmilan?
What disgusting creatures!
I have a good mind to take their precious barometer.
I don't think that's such a good idea.
It's no good anyway, it's not working.
How do you know that, Mr. Hemmilan?
Look, it's a beautiful day, isn't it?
But according to this barometer, it should be pouring down with rain.
This is the way to explore real home cooking.
It just takes a little thought.
And woman papa is always prepared, aren't you dear?
Double zero, it can't get any lower than that.
What does that mean?
If it was working, it would mean being for a terrible storm.
I think the reading might be right after all, Mr. Hemmilan.
See the way the sky is darkening.
Look at those storm clouds.
We better go before it's too late.
But there won't be time to get home.
We'll be shipwrecked, woman papa.
Surely there's still time.
We don't want to go back to moving valley yet.
We've only explored half the island.
Besides, you never know what we might find, Snort Maiden.
I wanted to get my hands on those happy fat nurse.
That's the last thing I wanted to do, little mind, the very last.
I think we ought to leave now.
What do you think, mama?
Well, you're the captain, dear. It's up to you.
So I am. Now, let me think.
Oh.
Right, we'll stay.
Oh, can we?
Yes, but we must put the tent up before it starts raining.
What tent?
Always be prepared. That's my motto.
You're very clever to think of everything.
First, we must lower the sails and pull the boat up
so that she's out of harm's way.
That should do it.
Well done, everybody. It should be safe here.
Now hurry with the tent, the storm's nearly here.
Are you all right, Mr. Himulan?
You stay here and rest.
We'll manage without you.
I am a bit tired.
You get your breath back first, but don't forget to tie the boat to that tree before you come up.
It looks bad. A real humdinger.
You can trust me.
Right, let's get that tent up.
Oh, dear, what a day.
Oh, what's this here?
Oh, yes.
Well, fans, see that I've never seen one of these before.
Snuffkin?
What's happening?
It's coming really fast. Look at the rain over the sea.
We're going to get soaked if we stay here.
Just a minute.
But we'll get wet.
I know, but it's so exciting.
Things which you have no control over.
You can see this great big storm coming towards you.
And you can't do anything about it.
No.
You have to time it just right.
When to make a run for shelter, you mean?
I knew you'd understand.
I wonder what the Hattie Fatterners are doing.
Waiting for the thunderstorm.
Why?
Because they get energy from the electricity and the lightning.
Really?
That's it. Come on.
I've never seen rain like this.
It'll be over soon enough, Momen.
You're dressed, Mom.
I know.
It's all right.
I'll look for you.
I know.
It's all right.
I'll look for you.
I'll look for you.
I'll look for you.
I'll look for you.
I'll look for you.
I'll look for you.
All right.
I'll look after you.
That was a close one.
Too close.
Too close.
I think it's over, Snork Maiden.
What a find I made today!
If, like the movements and their friends, you're stranded on the desert island in a huge storm, all you can do is wait until it's blown itself out.
But what if the waves are so high that your boat is caught up and washed out to sea?
That is a different story altogether.
The movements, believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements, they're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements, the movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements, believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements, they're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements, the movements, the movements.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the
movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements, the movements
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba I think that Royal
He's getting loose.
OK, Moonman, you'd better have a look
before this wind has the whole tent down.
The eye, Captain.
A sudden storm has hit the hafifat in his island.
Moonman Papa has decided that it would be far safer
to stay the night on the island,
so they put up the tent and moored the boat.
This will show us what the weather's up to.
That's as long as it's still working.
I'm sure it's going to die down really soon.
Oh, wake up, Mr. Hemelon.
When the storm clears, we must give this barometer
straight back to the hafifat in his.
Oh, I quite fancy keeping it myself to remind me of the island.
You know, it seems to work after all.
But Mr. Hemelon, that'll only work for you.
What about all the tons of plants you found?
That surely is going to be enough.
Yes, I know, but there was only really one special flower
amongst all those plants, and I nearly missed that one.
Look, isn't it a beauty?
I discovered it as I was about to tie up the boat.
Oh, woman, Papa.
Yes, Mr. Hemelon.
You know, when you all went to put up the tent,
you told me that I was about to tie up the boat.
So she was safe.
Yes, of course.
Well, I'm not sure if I did.
Not sure at all.
Please, try to remember, Mr. Hemelon.
I can't.
It's all very unpear in my mind.
If the boat's not here, we'll be stuck on the island forever and ever.
Oh, we pulled it well ashore, so it should be okay.
But we'd better check on it as soon as we can.
I'll go have a look.
Quickly, moment.
Be careful.
I remember.
I was just going to do it when I spotted this flower.
Just by a rocket was...
Oh, dear.
Woman.
Woman.
Boy, that was close.
Tie it to the tree and make sure it's tight.
That should do it.
Just in time.
You know the waves must have been huge to reach this far.
Well, we saved the boat.
Yes.
Well, this storm will be over soon.
Is everything okay?
Yep, everything's fine.
Oh, thank goodness.
So we're not stranded after all.
Huh? No.
We needn't have worried.
I'm very sorry.
Really, I am.
Are you alright, Snort Maiden?
Now I am.
According to this, the storm is blowing over now
and it should stop raining soon.
Well, the wind seems to have dropped.
Oh, good. All that thunder and lightning is so noisy.
Ah, right.
I think I'll just go for a bit of a walk before I settle down for the night.
But it's much too dark to see anything.
The fresh air will do me good.
That's a good idea.
I could do with some fresh air myself.
Wait for me. I'll come too.
Let me in quicker than mine.
There's still there hundreds of them all glowing.
The hatty fat nurse.
They're waiting for us.
The lightning must have recharged them.
Look at them all.
I wonder what they want, Snort Maiden.
Such a heavy storm would have given them lots and lots of energy.
Gosh, they're ready for anything.
They're not coming any closer.
They seem fairly friendly.
Maybe they just want to see what we look like.
No, I know what they're here for.
Oh, what's that, Snuffkin?
It's their barometer, Moomin Papa.
They know we've got it and they've come to get it back from us.
Yes, I think you're right, Snuffkin.
Mr. Hamilton?
I do think you'd better give it back to them.
Do I have to?
Yes, of course.
After all it is there isn't there are a lot of them.
Look, why don't you take it out to them now?
You know the barometer does belong to the Mr. Hamilton.
Oh, dear, dear.
Give it to me.
Let me do it, Papa.
Well done, my boy.
You must be careful, my dear.
Don't worry, Mama.
A boy isn't he brave.
I think this is what you've come for.
Here you are.
You can have it back now.
Moomin!
Moomin!
Are you all right, Moomin?
I'll tell you something.
I'm real glad there's no electricity where we live.
Oh, they didn't hurt you, did they?
Ah! Go away!
Leave her alone!
Are you all right, Snorkemaiden?
What did he do to you?
Just a bit.
Are you all right, Snorkemaiden?
What did he do to you?
Just a bit of shock, that's all.
What's that funny smell?
Oh, my god, it's your hair.
What?
What do you mean?
What's happened to it?
Oh, no, my hair.
Mama, Mama!
Where's your mirror?
Oh, Mama.
Oh, look at what those wicked, hatty fat nurse have done.
It's here in my handbag somewhere.
Hurry, Mama!
I must see what's happened to my hair.
Here you are, dear.
Look at me!
Look at me!
It's awful!
It's horrible!
Don't worry, we'll put some magic ointment on
and it'll come back all lovely and curly.
I don't want nasty curly hair.
I want my long, beautiful hair like it was before.
You know, it really doesn't matter to me, Snort Maiden.
Oh, God, oh, God, I hope that's the last we see of them.
Oh, dear, what's happened to Snort Maiden?
My hair, my hair, where's my hair?
My hair, my hair.
My hair, my hair.
Wake up, woman.
We've got to hurry.
I wonder where they're going.
Perhaps we're saving a way to a secret island.
Somewhere very far away from here where they can live happily
on their own together.
Gosh, Snort Maiden, they're really weird.
Well, it depends on how you look at it, woman.
They probably think we're a bit strange, too.
Snort Maiden, you're a bit strange, too.
Snort Maiden, you're really horrible.
You knew I wanted to see them.
Come on, you were fast asleep.
Snoring your head off.
That wasn't me snoring that was Mr. Himulin.
All right.
If you say so.
Well, I hope that's the last I'll see of them.
Me, too.
That's a very pretty scarf, Snort Maiden.
Yes, it is, isn't it?
Can we go exploring, Mama?
I don't see why not.
It looks as though it'll be a nice day
and there'll be lots of exciting things washed up by the storm.
Oh, that'll be fun.
Let's look for the other side of the island.
What a good idea.
I might discover some more plants.
Mr. Himulin, hurry up, sir.
Or it will be dark before we get there.
You go on, Momen.
I just want to have a better look at these flowers.
Yes, all right.
Very interesting.
Just think we could find all sorts of things lying on the sand.
I hope it's secret, sunken treasure.
Well, let's hope it's not sunken anymore.
I expect there'll be lots and lots of treasures
from shipwrecks and things like that.
But I find it before you.
Oh, no, you won't.
Look at all this.
I'm going to dive in.
What's that over there?
It's quite shallow right here.
Well, there must be something admit it.
Oh, dear, it's empty.
I think I found something here.
Little lie, little lie.
What's the matter?
Come and see these beautiful shelves I have.
I'm too busy hunting for treasure
to bother with shells.
Hey, what's this?
What?
Oh, look at this one.
I've got a real collection here.
Got a lovely mama's garden.
Wow, watch that.
What?
I can't find any as nice as yours.
Don't be in such an awful hurry, little lie.
Shnark maiden!
Shnark maiden!
Look!
Look what I found.
A proper treasure.
Look!
Whoa!
There's snow inside of it.
I found it in a cave.
What is it?
What's this?
It's a ship telescope.
You can see for miles with it.
I'll give it to Papa.
It's better than anything I got.
Hey, everybody, I found something.
Come on up and have a look.
I wish I could find something interesting.
Have you found some buried treasure?
What a big lady.
Is she dead?
It's made of wood, Snork maiden.
It's a figurehead from a ship.
She's like a queen.
Ha!
She hasn't got any legs, though.
Why don't we put her on the front of our boat?
Nah, it's much too heavy.
It must have come from a ship that was wrecked.
And Sank had seen?
Perhaps it did.
And all hands were lost.
I want to take it home.
What would you do with it?
Use it or frighten people away.
Help! Somebody help me, please!
That's old, Mr. Hamilton.
Gosh, I hope it's not more haddy fattiners.
Someone help, please!
We're coming!
Woman, why do you like this old figurehead so much?
You're staring at her.
She's not all that special, you know?
Yes, I know.
She's not even real.
Only made of wood.
Do you like her eyes?
Or is it her hair?
Just because I haven't got any?
Nearly there, just a bit further.
Come on, snuffed it for you.
You're very heavy, Mr. Hamilton.
Oh, thank you, Snuffed Kid.
You saved my life.
Oh!
Boy, how'd you end up there, Mr. Hamilton?
One minute, I was looking for plants.
The next I'd fall and ride into that hole.
I think you'd be safe for collecting stamps, Mr. Hamilton.
Oh, no, it's not.
It's not.
It's not.
You'd be safe for collecting stamps, Mr. Hamilton.
Oh, no, it's not here.
Where is it?
What is it now?
Tell me.
Make a move and preserve me.
Calm down, Mr. Hamilton.
Tell me what's the matter?
My sample box, my sample box.
Oh, my goodness.
You didn't leave it in the hole, did you?
Yes, that's what I'm trying to tell you.
Oh, dear.
Oh, she's samples.
I'm so silly.
Oh, Snuffed Kid.
Oh.
Oh, Snuffed Kid, would you mind?
Okay.
Anything for some peace.
Oh, dear boy, you are wonderful.
You shall have one of my rarest plants as a reward.
Indeed, you shall.
I shall choose a magnificent one for you.
Thank you very much, Mr. Hamilton.
Gosh, your one-word movement is.
Oh, there you are.
What have you been up to?
He can't take his eyes off that silly wooden lady.
He just dares at her.
Really?
I do not.
I just think she has a very beautiful face.
Well, Moomin, now that you're here, I could really do with your help.
What do you want, Snuffed Kid?
Mr. Hamilton dropped his box of samples down this hole and I'm going to try and get it.
I didn't drop it.
I fell in the hole and just forgot it when Snuffed can pull me out.
You're a bit absent-minded, Mr. Hamilton.
No, I'm not.
I can remember every Latin name of every single plant, you know.
Okay, I'll go down, Moomin.
But you'll have to help me get back up.
Okay.
I'll help you too.
Now be careful.
Can you see it yet, Snuffed Kid?
I'm not down at the bottom yet.
Oh, forgive me.
I'm sorry.
I found it.
Wonderful.
Tell me, are the plants all right?
You can check them yourself in a minute.
Oh.
Are you all right, Snuffed Kid?
Wait a minute.
I found something else.
Oh, look.
There's the boat.
It's Moomin, Moomin, Papa.
Hello.
It's gold.
Hello.
We've been hunting treasure.
Go and get Moomin, Papa. I found gold.
Boy, oh boy, I wonder how much there is.
Moomin, Papa, we'll know.
Well, Moomin, Papa, what should we do with all this beautiful gold?
It would look lovely in the garden, don't you think?
With all the shells that the snork made and found,
they'll look good in amongst the roses.
What do you think, Mama?
I'm sure they will, Papa.
I'm sure they will.
Moomin, she's only a stupid, legless doll.
You can have my bowl full of snowsknot, Maiden.
No, thanks.
Well, I'll look after it for you.
I can pretend it's my treasure.
Oh.
And that was the end of their first adventure in the new boat.
Moomin, Papa, decided that it was much more fun to set off without maps and sea charts.
You never know where you might end up.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
Now it's very nice to get letters
at least every now and then
however in Moomin Valley they're rarely sent or received
and yet they do have letterboxes
and even postman
Oho! Moomin!
Hello! Is that for me?
A letter for the Moomin!
He's gonna fall in this time!
What?
Come on, this way, towards me, come on!
Come on!
Oh! I got him!
Did you dig that hole?
Yeah, no work, didn't it?
All right, who's responsible for this?
Are you all right?
Did you dig this hole, young Moomin?
Of course not!
Who was it then?
I knew I should have known!
Come here, you just wait!
Uh, hold on, Mr. Postman!
Can I help my letter, please?
Just do wait!
Here's the letter, Mama!
Hmm?
A goodness, a letter!
I think it's from Mumble!
Oh, really?
Where's Little Mai, Moomin?
Well, she's um...
So, who's this letter from?
It's from my sister Mumble, isn't it?
Oh, should I know?
She went on holiday to get away from me!
I bet she's coming back because she's missed all the fun!
She'd stay away if she had at least sensed!
This is the third time I've fallen into a hole!
Yes, I know, but this is only the first time I've seen you do it!
What a horrible little child you are!
Archie!
Whoop!
That was close!
Go on, follow us!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Come here, wait till I get my hands on you!
Mumble says that she's coming back!
She feels that she's ready to cope with Little Mai again!
Oh, that's good news, Moomin, Mama!
I think that we should go and give her house a good clean!
Have you told Little Mai now Mumble's coming?
She'll be able to go home!
No, I expect the postman is still chasing her around the garden!
Don't tell me why I don't want to know!
Mama!
Mama!
Is the letter from Mumble?
What does she have to say?
Is she coming home?
And a few days later, Mumble returned to Moomin Valley.
Now Mumble is a lot bigger and prettier than Little Mai,
and what's more, she's a lot quieter.
That's Moomin Valley, over there!
It's not full of creepy crawlies, is it?
Not as far as I know!
Is there a house over there?
Maybe there have food, let's go!
Oh, that's Moomin House!
Are you going to Moomin Valley, too?
Yes, we thought we would!
That's nice, so am I!
We can go together!
Your suitcase looks very heavy!
Would you like a hand with me?
Okay!
Are they nice to people that live in that house?
Yes, they are!
Can we stay there?
I'm sure you can!
My little sister is staying with them!
Follow me, I know the way!
Shall we go?
What's the matter?
Nothing! We're following you!
All right!
Mumbo!
Hello, how are you?
Fine, you!
Fine!
Do you have a nice rest without me?
Come on, everybody's waiting to see you!
Oh, by the way, I'm at two very small strangers who said they were coming here!
Coming here, Mumbo?
Yes, they're about the same size as Little Mai!
Both a bit odd and they're carrying a very large suitcase!
Right, I'd better make them up a small double bed then!
Thanks for the tea!
Now, are you ready to come home with me now, Little Mai?
No, not yet!
We've got to go home and tidy the house!
It hasn't been aired for the whole winter!
It's all right, Mumbo!
I cleaned and swept the floors the other day and opened all the doors and windows!
Thank you very much!
It must have been a relief to be asleep most of the time with Little Mai's been staying with you!
They said they haven't been bored once since we woke up!
And we've had a really good time together!
Isn't that right, Mumbo?
Bye now!
Well, well!
There's well, well me, Papa!
Just that I might be able to hear myself think again now!
I know what you mean!
You're not, thingamy!
No, it's your turn to be great!
What if they scream when they see us?
But the lady told us they would friendly thingamy!
Go on, do it!
Excuse me?
Now, what's the matter with you, too?
Don't forget your suitcase, will you?
What can we do?
It's all right, don't be frightened, I won't eat you!
I'm the police inspector here, been in the valley for years!
Police!
Oh no!
We're not thieves!
I'm all in the same day!
I'm all in the same day!
Well, nobody said that you did!
Then you haven't come to arrest us!
Have you?
Of course I haven't!
I've come to see the movement family!
It is ours, suitcase!
It is!
Of course it is!
Now, have you come to see the movements, too?
Hello?
Oh, there you are, I thought it was you!
Are you expecting these two guests, movement mama?
I think so!
And they've got a suitcase, so they must be staying!
That's nice!
You will stay, won't you?
Is it all right with you?
Of course it is!
I'm movement mama!
I'm thingany, and this is my friend Bob, movement mama!
You're welcome!
Come in and make yourselves at home!
I think it'll be okay, thingany.
Careful!
Hi!
They are a bit strange, aren't they?
Yes, definitely!
So, what can I do for you today, Inspector?
Oh, well, I heard that mumble was back from holiday, so...
Yes, that's right!
Oh!
Are you here now?
No inspector, I'm afraid she's gone home with little Mai!
Oh, right!
I have to keep an eye on things, you know?
Very important!
Who goes away? Who comes back?
Well, I'll say goodbye then, movement mama!
I do believe he's fallen for mumble!
But has she fallen for him?
I wonder!
What are the new guests doing?
Looking scared mostly!
Who one...
Do one...
Do one...
Do one...
Here you are!
I've emptied these drawers for you!
There should be enough room!
Thank you, movement!
Where should we put this suitcase?
Let's see!
In this drawer?
It's a good place to hide, too!
Oh, look at this!
It made such a pretty bad voice!
I like the movements!
They didn't scream at all!
You still gotta be careful, though!
We've had some very strange people staying at our house,
but I think these two are really weird!
Well, they're Northerners!
I guess so, with names like Thingamy and Bob!
And that suitcase?
They look a lot like fugitives to me, Snuffkin!
And perhaps they're dangerous criminals on the run?
Do you want to see them?
Yeah, I wouldn't mind, movement!
Ah!
Ah, there you are!
What are they doing now?
No idea!
I couldn't hear anything, so they must be asleep!
We think they're fugitives, movement, Papa!
They're probably on the run from the law!
Well, they are a bit funny about their suitcase!
Gold coins!
Stolen state secrets!
Arsonists!
We better hide all the matches, Papa!
Public enemies, numbers one and two,
but they don't look like it, though!
How about some tea?
Snuffkin? Smith?
Yes, please!
Any cakes as well?
Thingamy?
Oh!
Oh no!
This suitcase is gone, too!
What am I going to do?
Oh!
What am I going to do?
What am I going to do?
You wake already?
Oh!
What a nerfie you're doing under the bed!
It's the safest place!
Something's about to happen, though!
Ah!
I can feel her coming!
That's what woke me up!
Don't be silly!
She can't know we're here!
Yeah!
She can!
And I know she'll be here to hide!
Well, it's very windy tonight, moment!
Well, chilly, too!
Don't you think?
Oh, hello!
Did you sleep well?
Would you like some tea?
Hey, so that's them!
Don't worry!
These are good friends of mine!
Let me introduce you!
Sniff and Snuffkin!
And what's the matter?
She's coming!
Yes, she is!
Well, who is my dear?
The girl!
The girl!
Yes, she's terrible!
Who?
Oh, you know who she is?
Yes, I've never seen her!
But I've heard she's a scary monster, all right?
Scary monster?
And this, uh, grope is after you!
Yes, she is!
Now, don't you worry!
She'll think twice before she tangles with me!
Well, see?
If she's a scary monster!
Monster or not?
If you're a guest in Moomin House, nothing will harm you!
Right, everyone!
Lock all the doors and you two go to your room!
Thank you, Moomin Papa!
Nobody is going to get in here!
Well said!
To Am's family, to Am's!
Ready for more tea, anyone?
What's the matter?
We're going to be attacked by a huge scary monster!
Heavens!
You'd better get the frying pan, Mama!
Oh dear!
All right, has everyone got a weapon?
Alright, now, let's finish the list before we go!
What?
Well, it's midnight.
I don't believe in that stupid grog.
I hope you're right.
She's coming! She's here!
Yes, she's very close now.
I'm going home.
This is silly.
We can't wait up all night.
Besides, I'm getting very sleepy.
It's up to you.
Right. I'm going, man. Mom and Papa.
Watch your back.
Yes. Keep in the open.
You guys are only trying to frighten me.
Well, it won't work.
She's here.
No, she's not.
There are no such things as monsters.
Just a trap blowing a candle, though.
You see? There's nobody there.
Well, in that case, there's nothing to stop you going home, Sniff.
Do you think I'm scared?
You're making it up.
Come on, admit it.
There aren't any grog.
Not at all.
You see? There's no one here at all.
Oh.
Oh, be careful. Watch what you're doing.
It's here. It's here.
Where?
Right outside that door. Big and black and horrible.
Right.
No, don't open it. You'll get in.
Come on, everybody.
Well, there's nobody here, Sniff.
Are you sure?
I can't see anything.
Well, I must have scared that silly old grog away, moment.
That will teach her to come sniffing around here, all right?
No, that she is.
Mm-hmm. Mrs. Groke, we'd like you to go home.
Now, you just go on.
You're upsetting our guests.
And you're freezing my roses.
Yes, you've been bullied.
I'm sorry, but you really must leave.
Please go before I count to ten.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine and a half.
All right.
All right.
Hey.
What?
Hey, are you all right, moment?
Look at the ground.
It's all frozen.
That's a Groke's voice.
It's cold.
Isn't it?
I don't think she'll be back tonight.
Let's all go in and have a hot drink.
The Groke didn't come back that night.
But what did she want in movement house?
And will she return perhaps another night when they're all asleep?
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
They're for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
With all the excitement of that night,
Sniff decided not to go home and was sharing movement's bed.
Snuffkin, as always, preferred to sleep in his tent.
You remember what happened?
The horrible grok coming after thingamy and bob and everything freezing?
For a moment, however, the night wasn't quite over yet.
Mommy, papa, help me.
The grok is after me.
I can't run anymore.
I can't run anymore.
Why am I on the floor?
Sniff?
Good morning, mama.
Good morning, moving.
Is Sniff up yet?
You're joking.
Where's the thingamy and bob?
They haven't stirred yet.
The poor things are tired out.
Papa's not still asleep, is he?
No, he's looking at my rose bushes.
Are they okay, papa?
No, frozen to death and look.
What?
That's where she was standing over there where the grass is dead.
She must have been real cold to freeze the roses.
What a shame. They were very pretty.
There's not much left of them now.
We'll have to grow some new ones.
I dreamed that she was chasing me, papa.
Oh, don't worry, moment.
I think she's only after thingamy and bob.
So they're not fugitives from justice after all?
I have a feeling that they would prefer that moment.
Aren't thingamy and bob coming down?
Yes, if they could have breakfast in their room if you didn't mind.
Well, what did they tell you?
What?
About why the groke is chasing them.
Oh, they just looked terrified and wouldn't say anything about her at all.
You know, we really ought to find out why.
Yes, you're right.
Mom and mom, why don't you take their breakfast up and see if they'll tell you anything
if any of us can get it out of the mucan?
Who's that?
It's only me. I've brought you both a nice breakfast.
Well, what did they say?
It seems that the groke is after the suitcase.
Not them.
I wonder what's in it, perhaps they've stolen her mummy as well.
And they also said that it did use to belong to her.
Oh, dear, if they've stolen it.
I don't know about that.
I asked them how they got it, but they wouldn't say another word.
Well, this is too much.
We could be harboring criminals.
I know they don't look like it, but you never know, do you?
You can ask the groke.
Shh, don't shout.
No, that's no good. We don't want to come back here most definitely.
Let's ask the police inspector to question them.
We don't want to get the police involved.
Well, you'll suggest something, Anne.
Quit shouting, sniff.
Look, why don't you just wait for them to tell you a moment?
I know it seems strange, but I've noticed that if you pretend not to be interested,
people can't wait to tell you their secrets.
They told Mama about the suitcase, but they wouldn't say anything to Papa.
You know something, Moomin?
They might open up to Snark Maiden.
She's someone more their own age.
You could be right.
Hey, Snark Maiden.
Where are you going?
Moomin house.
I'll come with you.
But I thought you were living there.
I was until Mumble came back yesterday.
How is she?
She's not bossy, and she snores too.
Moomin.
Snark Maiden.
Where are you off to?
Well, I was just on my way to see you.
Oh, that's so nice, and I've come to see you, Moomin.
I brought you a little present, Moomin.
A present for me.
Yes, and it's very beautiful.
What is it?
Something you must never break or lose.
I promise I won't.
There you are.
Thank you.
Come on, open it.
A lot of beautiful shell.
I spent all of yesterday on the beach searching for it just for you.
Look, we can see ourselves in it.
So we can.
Thank you very much, Snark Maiden.
It's my heart, and I want you to look after her.
Oh, I will, Snark Maiden.
I will.
I'll think of you whenever I look at it.
I'm Moomin.
I promise you that I'll always kiss the shell before I go to sleep.
It will be my most precious treasure.
Apart from me?
So what shall I do?
Take them for a walk?
Yes, but take your time and don't rush them.
I'll let them cry on my shoulder.
Yes, and try and talk to them as well, though.
I feel very important and a little bit nervous, too.
Have some tea first.
Thank you, Moomin, Mama.
We don't need your help, little Mai.
Ah, that's what you think.
I'd be able to weedle out their secrets.
It's not an interrogation.
We only want to talk to them, you know.
So you can weedle out their secrets.
I'll be very quiet.
Little Mai, have you ever managed to be very quiet?
Not really, but there's only one way to find out.
You must let me go with Snork Maiden.
No, this situation needs a tender understanding, Moomin.
That's me, exactly.
You ready?
I suppose so.
Hello, it's Moomin.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Hello?
This is Snork Maiden.
She's a very good friend of mine.
Hello, I'm very happy to meet you both.
She's very tender and understanding,
and she'd like to talk to you.
Can she come in?
Well, if she has to, Moomin.
Come in, Mai.
You pee, you pee, you pee.
It's very beautiful, a perfect heart shape.
I've never seen anything like it, Moomin.
Would you like one, Mama?
No, my dear.
There should only be one shell like this.
Then would you keep it somewhere safe for me?
Well, Snork Maiden.
I'm sure Snork Maiden will get it out of him.
I do hope so.
I think they like it anyway.
I have a feeling in my bones that Groke will be back tonight.
If we could find out why she's after them, we'd know what to do.
Mama won't have any garden left if that monster comes back every night.
Moomin.
Well done, Snork Maiden.
Little Mai.
Oh no, she'll ruin everything if we don't stop her.
If you interfere, little Mai, I'll never forgive you.
What, interfere? Me? Never.
Look, let's just leave it up to Snork Maiden now, little Mai.
You'll need me if Snork Maiden's not tender and understanding enough.
Hey, Moomin.
So, how is Snork Maiden getting on her, taking them for a stroll?
Where are they?
If we were narrow.
Papa, if we get much closer.
And the last thing we want is for them to see us.
Looks like I'll have to go and talk to them. You're all too big.
I'll come back later and tell you what they said.
No, don't. You'll upset Snork Maiden.
You're the one who's upsetting her.
Shh.
All right. Can I ask you again about the suitcase?
Yes.
Does that suitcase belong to you or is it the Groakes?
No.
Let's try it another way. Who's is that suitcase?
It's ours, it's ours.
But you told Moomin Mama that it wasn't yours. It was the Groakes.
Yes, we did.
Oh.
Do you mind if I ask you one more time?
Please do.
Right. Here we go.
Now, all I want is a simple yes or no.
Is that suitcase yours or not?
No, yes.
Oh.
Take your time, Snork Maiden.
Don't rush them, he said.
What was that Snork Maiden?
Look, I'm sorry, but can I ask you again?
Yes, as many times as you want.
Thank you. This is the very last time.
So please tell me the truth.
Now then, the suitcase.
Yes.
You know which one?
Yes.
Does it belong to you?
Yes, it does.
So it's not the Groakes.
Yes, it is not the Groakes.
At last, we're getting somewhere, praise the booble.
We're very happy for you.
Snork Maiden is really having to work hard.
I wouldn't have, I'd scare them into talking.
You should have let me go.
Yeah, but we wanted someone gentle.
Snork Maiden is nice.
Everybody in this house is nice.
Do you think they'd let us stay here forever?
Of course.
If we can keep away from the Groak.
It took a long time, but in the end they trusted me, and now we're good friends.
Who wouldn't trust you and want to be good friends?
Thank you. It wasn't easy, though.
They kept speaking together, and I got rather muddled.
But they did tell me somehow.
Rather muddled.
I told you guys, you should have let me do it.
Oh, I'm afraid I didn't get very much, though.
I knew you wouldn't.
So what did you find out then, Snork Maiden?
Tell us.
Well, first of all, the suitcase does seem to be theirs.
That was one thing they made very clear.
Then Hulk and the Groak, just a minute movement,
what's in the suitcase on the other hand, belongs to the Groak.
That's the problem.
Oh, dear.
So they do have something belonging to a...
Well, Snork Maiden, what is it?
They wouldn't tell me what it is, little Mai.
Only that it is the most beautiful thing in the world.
So, is it?
I wonder.
This is very difficult to understand.
I mean, thingamy and Bob don't look like thieves at all, do they?
So, the Groak just wanted back what is hers.
I don't see how that big ugly monster could own the most beautiful thing in the world.
Well, what they said was that she just happened to have it.
They didn't say whether it belonged to her or not.
So she might have stolen it herself.
They shouldn't have taken it, though.
Oh, dear, oh dear.
Bob and Thingamy are very frightened of how she'll take her revenge if she catches them.
But they're very determined to keep what's in the suitcase, Moomin Papa.
Oh, this is a fine mess indeed.
The Groak is sure to come back tonight.
What can we do?
What can we do?
What can we do?
We can do the same as before.
Yeah, but it's not fair to drive her away.
If what's in the suitcase really does belong to her?
She means to get the suitcase and I don't think it will be so easy to get rid of her this time.
And if she stays, we'll have a never-ending winter.
Well, I'll cover up the petunias just in case.
Are you all going to stay here?
I'll look after Snork.
I will, Moomin Mama, I'll stay.
You'll stay, won't you, Snefkin?
Don't look so clump, everyone.
I've got an idea.
But it would help if we knew what was in that suitcase.
But even if we didn't, it could still work.
What is it, dear?
Just wait, Papa. You'll see.
Oh!
She's coming!
Are we?
She's out of her way!
Oh, I hope Moomin Papa can do something.
It's your girl, little mom.
Yes, I know. There's the king and the queen.
Uh, this one.
Uh-oh, she's coming.
Just when I was winning.
You better hide under the table, little my.
Don't be stupid. How can I hit her with my rolling pin from there?
Where is she, Papa?
Exactly where she was yesterday.
I'll go for a toast, alright, Papa?
Let me go first, and then the rest of you can fan out behind me.
Moomin Mama.
What is it, Papa?
Perhaps now's the time to tell us your idea.
We haven't long.
Wait, Grog.
Don't go away. We want to talk to you.
We know that you've come back to get what thing of me and Bob took from you.
That is right, isn't it, huh?
Won't you let them keep it, perhaps?
No, will you sell it to them?
Oh, dear.
I have some very beautiful things here in my bag.
Maybe you'd like to trade, Grog.
What about this pendant?
Isn't it lovely?
So you don't like that?
What about this then?
Or this?
Alright, why don't you choose?
Take anything you want from my handbag, except the hair slide.
Which one do you want, this one?
Let me see with this.
Oh, this one?
Oh, dear, that's not really mine to give to you.
Snork maiden gave that to Moomin.
Is it alright if I give the shell to her Moomin?
Oh, you'll never allow.
Are you alright?
Yes, my hand was suddenly frozen.
No, you've got the shell, Mrs. Grog.
Do you promise not to come back anymore?
Because I'll get you if you do.
Oh, my God!
Well, that was a close thing.
I'm glad that's over.
Oh, you are marvelous, Mama.
I'm so sorry, Moomin.
I forgot that I had put your precious shell in my handbag to keep it safe.
It's alright, Mama.
You gave it in a good cause.
What Snork maiden gonna say, Moomin?
I heard you.
You said you'd never go to sleep without kissing it.
Or something equally stupid.
Well, I'm not gonna tell Snork maiden.
But I think Mama did the right thing.
She'll find out.
I'm fed up with secrets.
I'm always gonna tell the truth from now on, no matter what.
Moomin, Moomin!
Look, I found one.
Really?
Well, it's very similar.
But the one Snork maiden gave me was much bigger.
Oh, a lot bigger, was it?
Moomin had decided that he had to find a shell that was exactly the same as the one Snork maiden had given him.
Then with luck, she would never find out what he'd done with it.
This is it!
This is it!
I killed it!
It's exactly the same as the other one!
Nothing short of a miracle, isn't it?
But then in Moomin Valley, miracles do happen.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
There for you on your TV they are the movements.
They are the movements.
Don't come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to Moomin Land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Da da da da da da da da da da da Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da di da da da da da da da da da adapt los bros, da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da d de da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Oops!
Oh, thank you, Mama.
We weren't looking where we were going.
That's all right.
Here's your bag.
Thank you, Thingamy.
Are you going out?
Yes, for a walk.
We'll have fun.
It seems that Thingamy and Bob are well and truly part of Movement House now.
Luckily, they don't eat a lot.
And they're small enough to find the pencils that fall between the floorboards in the porch.
Hey, this looks like a great hiding place.
Nobody would ever find it here.
Come on, Bob. Let's go get the suitcase, man.
Are you sure it's not safe for an alarm?
What would you say if someone went in when we weren't there?
You wouldn't like it, would you?
I think the Moomons are much too nice to do anything like that.
It's not them. It's the guests I'm thinking about.
You know the Moomons let anybody stay.
Snork Maiden.
You lied to me, little Mai.
Who me?
Moomons still has the shell that I gave him.
But you said that he didn't.
And possible.
Moom and Mama gave it to the croak.
I was there when she did it.
Look, I saw it. He showed it to me.
Are you really sure? Was it the same one?
Of course it was. I'm not stupid, you know.
That's very odd. I saw her do it with my own eyes.
Well, I'll go and ask Moomons right now, little Mai.
It's a bit awkward. But if I'm going to be honest, Snork Maiden.
What? Well, I've decided that from now on I'm only going to tell the truth.
Oh, yes.
And I found something you might be interested in.
Well, what is it?
Mungle and I were down on the beach yesterday.
And you remember all those things we found washed up by the storm?
Do you mean on the Hattie Fatter's island that we sailed to?
Yes. And do you remember the figurehead that Moomon liked best of all?
You know, the lady made of wood and painted.
She was really lovely, wasn't she?
Yes, I remember.
Moomon wanted to keep it.
So what about it?
Well, it's here on the beach.
It was still the same.
As beautiful as ever.
Was it the same one?
Yes, I remember her pretty face.
No legs, though.
She's just a silly wooden doll.
Oh, I know that.
But she's got those gorgeous eyes in lovely long hair.
Little Mai, why all this fuss about this silly figurehead?
Trust him.
Only someone as stupid as Moomon could fall in love with a figurehead.
It's probably still dreaming about her every night.
Do you think it's still there?
Charles Nork Maiden, if no one else has found her already.
Do you think the ocean might come and wash her away again?
Why all these silly questions, Nork Maiden?
Moomon would go and rescue her if he knew.
So?
That would be terrible.
I couldn't bear it at all.
I really couldn't.
How pathetic.
He'll probably take her home and keep her in his room forever.
My expect she's too big to go through the door.
He'll just sit and stare at her with that lovesick look on his face.
I know he will.
Oh!
Where are you going now?
I thought you were going to Moomon house.
I was, but there's something more important I have to do.
Okay, it's Chris.
Hey, you two, you're not leaving, are you?
No, we're just, uh, we're going.
Why have you got the suitcase, then?
Look, Moomon, would you help us with something?
Of course.
Thank you very much, Moomon.
Oh, that's okay.
It's a bit too big for you to go.
I'm sorry.
Thank you very much, Moomon.
Oh, that's okay.
It's a bit too big for you to carry.
We can take it from here.
It's all right.
It's not very heavy.
Oh, silly me.
It wouldn't be a very secret place if I'd seen it.
Would it?
I'll see you later.
Don't be too long now.
How much you won't tell anyone, will you?
Of course I won't.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, what are you doing up there, little my?
I'm coming down.
What does it look like?
You're much too small to do, there.
The rungs are too far apart for you to reach.
Just you watch me.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hey, what are you doing up there, little my?
Oh.
Oh.
Moonman, I have a problem.
Do you mind if I ask you something?
Go ahead.
Did Moonman Mama give Snorkman's hard shape shell to the goat?
Yes, she did.
So you and the Groek can't both have it, can you?
That's just where you're wrong.
But that's simply impossible you can't have.
The Groke's simply got another one.
That's not true!
All right, but it would only upset Snorke made an if she knew.
So I'm not going to tell her.
You rotten thing!
Why don't you just tell me the truth?
Because it's a secret.
But I want to know, Moomin!
Look, Moomin!
Now, why don't you tell me your secret and then I'll tell you mine!
What is it?
Really very top secret.
Go on then, tell me.
Tell me yours first.
No, you tell me first.
I know, let's say them together.
All right.
Ready?
One, two, three.
After we go to the show and I went to the beach yesterday,
I would like to be there.
We'll find something that you like.
Please, so I'll have a bigger head later.
I just like it.
What did you say?
The figurehead?
Yes, by the K.
Wait a minute!
You didn't finish telling me your secret!
I'll tell you later!
That's not there!
You've got to tell me now!
Oh!
What do you think Moomin's doing?
I don't know.
Maybe he's looking for shells again.
I don't think so.
He looks a bit worried to me.
Maybe he's lost something important.
How much further do we have to go?
As far as you can road.
We're a long way out already, you know.
I want to make sure that the lady will never turn up again.
We must go further out.
We must be far enough by now.
I'm tired.
No!
The curds could still drag her in from here.
Keep going!
He looks very unhappy.
We've got to cheer him up.
But how?
There's only one way, Bob.
Yes, you're right, thing of me.
Hello.
You look so sad, Moomin.
But we thought we'd try to make you happy again.
You don't mind, do you?
No, but you don't have to.
I'm alright, really.
How about this then, Moomin?
We're going to show you what's in our suitcase.
Go!
Would you like that, Moomin?
It's very interesting.
Oh my gosh!
Will you?
Do you need some help in there?
No, I think we can manage.
Thank you, Moomin.
Now we'll open it.
Yes, now.
One, two, three.
Oh gosh!
By my tail.
Do you like it?
Oh boy, do I like it?
Then you're not sad anymore, Moomin.
Oh no!
That's good, isn't it?
Yes, very good.
It was such a beautiful ruby.
How it changed color from soft red to soft red blue
and then to pink?
One minute, it was like a flame leaping out of the center.
Then suddenly it was like a blood tulip.
It was...
Hmm, perhaps that's the king's ruby.
It was just beautiful.
That's the one the hob goblin is searching for.
Oh, no.
However far away he is, he'll come back on his black panther, looking for it.
And he's sure to find it.
Because he'll know that thing of me and Bob have it.
First the Groke and now the hob goblin.
What are we going to do?
No more than a week later,
and like a bolt from the blue,
a real catastrophe hit Moomin Valley.
Hmm.
No, it's not in the bedroom either.
Oh, that's very odd.
Where did you see it last?
I'm sure it was here somewhere, Papa.
Well, perhaps it's in the garden.
No, I haven't been out here all day.
Moomin Mama's handbag is missing.
Full of useful things like socks and sweets and string.
What's the matter, Mama?
I can't find my handbag and I'm lost without it.
We've looked everywhere.
Will I get a reward if I find it, Moomin Mama?
Yes, we'll have a big party for everyone
with cakes, jelly, and everything.
And as a special treat, no one has to wash or go to bed early.
I'll find it, Mama.
No, I will.
Moomin Mama, I've checked the cellar.
It's not there.
Oh, dear, where could it be?
I haven't been in the cellar for days,
so I didn't think it would be there,
but thank you, dear Snork.
Word got round Moomin Valley of the missing handbag,
and soon everyone was helping to look for it.
What a lot of people.
I wonder what they're looking for.
What's everybody looking for?
My handbag, thingamy.
The one with the two nice little pockets?
Yes, that's the one.
It's been missing for days.
Will you two help us look?
It makes such a lovely place to sleep, and don't you think?
Moomin Mama looks very sad.
Perhaps we better give it back.
Oh.
Oh, you found it.
Look, everybody, thingamy and Bob have found it.
Oh, thank you.
Where on earth did you find it?
In the bush under the white birch tree.
It's a very, very nice handbag.
Let's have a party tonight to celebrate the return of Mama's handbag.
As you all know, this party is in honor of thingamy and Bob,
finding Moomin Mama's handbag,
and to thank everyone who took part in the big search.
Let's raise our glasses to our heroes.
Is to thingamy and Bob,
who found Moomin Mama's handbag without which Moomin Valley
would never be the same again.
Cheers.
Now, I think Moomin would like to say a few words.
Moomin.
We're very pleased that Mama's handbag is back again.
And thank you to our northern friends, Thingamy and Bob.
You're seeing as how this is a very special occasion,
and also as a thank you for the party they have decided to show us
what is in their suitcase,
and I'm sure you'll all be astounded by what you see.
Come closer, everyone.
Now, thingamy and Bob, are you ready?
Ready, everyone?
Ready, everyone?
One, two, three!
Ooh!
How wonderful!
I don't know how the globe could swap that for an old seashell.
Oh, I don't know how the globe could swap that for an old seashell.
By my, that must be the King's Ruby.
The King's Ruby. I found it.
It's the Hub Goblin!
Yes, this is it. The ruby I've sworn to find.
Don't touch it! It's ours!
Go away, you nasty Hub Goblin!
But that King's ruby belongs only to me!
No, it doesn't. The Groke gave it to sing-a-me-in-bob-in-fair exchange for a heart-shaped shell, Mr. Hub Goblin.
Did he say a heart-shaped shell?
I think so.
Anyway, I saw her give it to them with my own eyes.
Show it belongs to them, not you.
I've spent 300 years day and night searching everywhere for this ruby.
Well, that's very sad, but it still is.
Now then, let's see, would you exchange the ruby for, say, two diamond mines?
No! We don't mind anything else!
No, I can't do it. I can't take it by force.
It's been so long. What can I do?
Would you like some punch? It's very nice.
That's very kind of you, woman, mama. I haven't had any for 85 years.
Ah, quince.
That's part of it, Mr. Hub Goblin. Have some more, please.
No, thank you. Hub Goblins don't really drink very much.
Well, this is a splendid punch and a splendid party.
In return, I shall show you a little magic.
I will give out three presents.
Now what I can do is grant three wishes, so I want three of you to come forward and make a wish.
You're not afraid, are you?
How you look old enough not to be frightened, Mr. Emulane?
Just let me think.
Oh, yes, Mr. Hub Goblin. I broke the spade. I borrowed from woman, papa.
No, Mr. Emulane, never make a proper wish.
I would like a new spade, if you please.
Very well. Here you are.
Oh, thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Hub Goblin.
Here you are, woman, papa.
Right. Who's next?
Excuse me?
Yes, and what can I do for you, young lady?
Well, I'm afraid it might be a little difficult.
Huh, for me?
Is that really what you want?
Please.
All right, then close your eyes.
Your wish has now come true, young lady.
Oh.
Oh, snorke-may.
Oh, snorke-may done.
I've wanted eyes like that wouldn't lay to you think it's so beautiful.
Do you think I'm beautiful now, woman?
Well, I, well, give me a mirror, someone.
They're quite nice, really.
Huh?
This is horrible, horrible.
Please, Mr. Hub Goblin, please give me my eyes back.
I'm sorry, but I can only grant one wish per person.
Oh, that's really me. No, please.
Mr. Hub Goblin, can I make a wish now?
Certainly. A golden chariot. A rock crystal goblet. Anything at all.
A sack full of gold coins. You can be rich, woman. Really rich.
I'm sorry, but movements is the last wish.
I know. Why don't you ask for two sackfuls of gold, woman?
Then we can have one each. What do you think?
No, sniff. I know what I'm going to wish.
Oh, man.
Mr. Hub Goblin, please change snorke-may done's eyes back to her own.
Never mind her, she can see all right. Get the gold coins.
The wish is made and fulfilled.
There you are. Have a look.
Oh.
The next time. Think before you make a wish.
Momen.
Mr. Hub Goblin.
Yes, think of me.
If you can grant wishes like that,
why don't you make a wish for yourself?
I'm afraid my magic only works for other people.
Mr. Hub Goblin, can we make a wish for you then? Please, there we can.
Please.
I suppose so.
Oh, please. It's important.
Very well, as it is not for you.
We wish for a movie just like yours.
You shall have it.
This is for you, Hub Goblin.
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
And so that was how, after three hundred years, the Hub Goblin search came to an end.
And Momen Valley had never had such a celebration.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
And so that was how, after three hundred years,
Goblin's search came to an end, and Moomin Valley had never had such a celebration.
Everyone was happy, except possibly Sniff, who would have quite liked a sack full of gold coins.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the Moomin's.
They're always happy and always at play.
The Moomin's are having fun day after day. The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
They love the laughter and they love the living the Moomin's.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the Moomin's.
They're always happy and always at play.
The Moomin's are having fun day after day. The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
They are for one and all. The Moomin's are about to call.
Come on and sit down here with me. Therefore you are your TV. They are the Moomin's.
They are the Moomin's.
So come with me, give me your hand. I'll take you up to a Moomin land.
You can fly just like a bird. Sing that song ever. There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
There were the Moomin's.
Come on, man. We're here already. This is Mum and House.
It has been raining since lunchtime,
and Mum and his friends had spent all afternoon in Mum and House,
waiting for the Sunday to come out.
So, Tutiki's arrival was very welcome.
Good evening, Mum and Tutiki. Come here.
Come in.
Mum, don't take his hair.
Come on in, Manny. A neat moment.
Is there someone with you?
Yes, I brought my friend, Manny.
Manny?
Don't be shy.
Well, there's no one there.
Yes, there is. You just can't see her.
Really?
Yes, I'm afraid she's very, very shy.
I'll leave the door open for you, Manny. Come in when you're ready.
She'll get soaked if she stays out there.
Maybe that doesn't matter very much if you're invisible.
Tutiki, how nice.
What is everyone looking at?
A bad Nanny.
You know, sometimes when people are very frightened,
they can become invisible to the people around them.
Poor Nanny.
She's looked after by an aunt who doesn't like her,
and is really horrible to her,
and who only does it because she thinks it's her duty.
It wouldn't be so bad if she just got mad and yelled at her,
but she's cold and sarcastic, which is much worse.
She doesn't care if Nanny is unhappy,
and gives her horrible jobs.
What's sarcastic?
Uh, let's see.
Suppose you tripped and fell over.
What would Mum and Mama say?
Well, she'd ask me if I'd hurt myself.
Yes, well, you're lucky that Mum and Mama is so nice,
but a lot of people would be mad at you.
Now, this nasty old lady would say
that maybe you're right dear of dancing,
but try not to do it when people are eaten, please.
Gosh, that's horrible.
Anyway, she just went on being more and more horrible to her,
so that in the end, Nanny was so upset.
She became invisible,
and our aunt said she couldn't be bothered
to look after little girl she couldn't see.
Poor Nanny.
So she asked me to do it.
Nanny's still outside.
Too nervous to come in.
What did you do to this old aunt?
I hope you told her she heard Nanny's feelings.
She wouldn't have done any good, not with someone like her.
So I took Nanny home,
and then as you're the nicest family I know,
I brought her here so you could make her visible again.
You were very flattered, of course, too, Tiki, but...
If anyone can do it, you and Mum and Mama can,
and Mum can play with her.
Does she talk at all to Tiki?
I'm afraid not.
Not since she became invisible.
Oh, dear.
I'm sure I can think of lots of games,
but it'll be hard to play if I can't see her.
She'll be really good at hiding seat, though.
Oh, it's okay.
You know where she is because her aunt hung a little bell around her neck.
Oh, look, the door's opened.
That'll be Nanny.
Come in, Nanny.
All right, don't be frightened.
Come and meet everyone.
This is your new home,
and this is Mum and Mama and Mum and Papa.
They're both very nice.
Hello, I'm Mum and these are my friends.
We were just having some tea.
Would you like some?
Oh, that is, if you can drink.
Oh, perhaps I should make some lemonade.
Well, now, perhaps you'd all like to go back to the table.
If you'd care to sit down, Nanny.
I'm sorry I don't know any more about her,
but I'm sure that everything will be okay now she's here.
I'm certain it will.
We'll do our best, Tiki.
Here you are, Nanny.
Well, she seems to be okay now,
so I'd better be getting along.
I've got a lot of things to do.
I'll try and come over to see how you're all going.
That would really be nice.
Oh, that's a better.
You have got room, haven't you?
Didn't you have someone else stand?
Oh, yes, thing I mean Bob, but it's alright, they left last week.
That's okay then.
Oh, you must have been thirsty.
Would you like some more?
Sure.
Oh, are you coming up with me?
That's nice, Nanny.
This is your very own room.
You'll be warm and cozy here.
I've put the lemonade on the table,
so you can have a drink whenever you want.
Are you sure you wouldn't like something to eat?
Ah, I see, you want to go to bed.
Well, you had a busy day, so you must be tired out.
Don't forget, if you feel frightened or lonely during the night,
just come and wake me up and we'll have a talk.
If you like, you can tinkle your little bell in my ear,
and that should do it, many dear.
Sweet dreams, sleep well.
She asleep?
Yes.
I was wondering whether there's anything that might help her
in your granny's book of household remedies.
I don't know if there's a cure for invisibility.
I can't remember, but I'll have a look.
There's a remedy for most things.
I'm a phone believer in granny's remedy.
I know you are dear.
I'll go and see.
I wonder what you looked like.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Ah, there it is.
Now then, a droopy tail, evil eye, melancholy.
Ah, this must be it.
Ah, this must be it.
The prescription was at the end of the book and shakily written,
but it looked like the right one.
It said, remedy for when people start getting misty
and difficult to see.
It was very complicated.
Do you think it's going to work, Mama?
Granny's remedies usually do, so don't worry.
Yes, you're right.
I wonder whether we ought to go and wake her up.
Look, you can see many shoes.
Papa!
Papa!
Good morning, little Mai.
Is Ninny up yet?
Yes, she is.
Where is she? She hasn't eaten yet, has she?
I don't know, and she's probably at the dining room.
Oh, no!
I'm too late!
She'd be quiet, you two.
Ninny's just finishing her breakfast.
Come on, drink it all up.
That's good.
It should start to work in a couple of hours.
Well done, Ninny.
Look, her shoes are floating!
Yeah, and soon we'll be seeing the rest of her.
Ha, they look silly.
I think they're very nice feet.
I know women, Mama's remedies are good,
I can't see them working that fast.
Anyway, you must look pretty bad if you want to make yourself invisible.
Don't let little Mai upset you, Ninny.
It's only the way she talks.
She doesn't mean it.
Oh, yes, I do.
I'm bored, Moomin.
Well, what shall we do then, Moomin?
I don't know.
Let's go mushroom picking.
That's boring, I never find any.
Well, I do.
Would you like to come, Ninny?
You can pick the most, shall we?
They all look the same to me,
so you'll have to tell me which ones are safe to eat.
I'll tell you.
Papa! Papa!
Look, Papa, you can see many shoes now.
Oh, that's good. There's not many things Mama's potions won't cure.
Oh, it can't be that. She only took it a minute ago.
Well, it might be that it works faster if you're completely invisible.
I think it's being away from that horrid out.
Yes, it could be.
Mama, we're taking Ninny mushroom picking.
Have a nice time.
Morning!
Morning!
Hello.
Where's Ninny?
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Wow, what a lot of mushrooms!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Wow, what a lot of mushrooms!
You seem to know where to find all the best ones, Ninny.
It's so fair. I haven't gotten half as many.
How are you doing, Momen?
Ah!
Wow, that must be about four times as many as I've got.
Uh, yeah, that's right.
You've never picked that many before.
You know, Momen, I think there's something fishy about this.
Uh-huh, so they're not yours at all.
Well, not really, no.
Ninny's enjoyed herself.
I'd better yak you old ant never let her go mushroom picking.
She was probably only allowed to carry the baskets, the really heavy ones.
Oh, how awful for her.
They're stinky.
What's he up to now?
I'll take care of him.
Hello, Momen, long time no see.
Not long enough.
Last time you dipped my swimming shorts in glue.
You know, I thought that was very funny.
Hey, what's that basket floating around up there for?
I don't want to be rude, but mind your own business.
It looks like the Hobgoblins work.
Boy, just think of all the things you could do if you were invisible.
Ninny, I'll carry your basket.
Let's go.
It stinks here.
Hey, you.
Isn't it me a name or just a description?
What's wrong?
Is your voice invisible, too?
Please stop it, stinky.
Can't you see you're frightening her?
Oh, it's a girl, is it?
Why doesn't she speak for herself?
And she's stupid.
What a perfect name for her, Ninny.
Now look, stinky.
Oh, yes, Momen, now look what?
You stop upsetting Ninny or I'll get really angry.
Without those feet she'd be perfect for a bank robbery.
Well, she's getting visible again, so she'll be no good to you at all, stinky.
You couldn't see any of her yesterday.
Not even the feet.
Oh, oh.
They're disappearing again.
Mom, you have to do a scare of it.
Oh, see, she's gone.
It's all your fault, stinky.
Yes, it's like I told you before she'd make a brilliant bank robbery.
Don't you agree?
Perfect.
Ninny would never do such a thing as that.
And anyway, Mom is given her one of Granny's magic remedies.
She'll soon be visible again, so they're there.
Whose basket is this?
Mine in little mice.
Well, there's not many of them, but they certainly are pretty.
There weren't many left for us to get.
Because Ninny has picked them all.
It doesn't really matter how many you've got, because you can't eat them.
Let me show you.
Now, this is deadly, tufted toad stool.
And this is cow's vein.
You must remember what they look like.
Ah, these are movements and sniff I should think.
We didn't pick any poisonous ones.
Not quite as many as Snork Maiden and Little My,
but this is body flybane and insiduous pepper spunk.
And you've both got cow's vein, too.
You must be more careful.
Now, this is better.
There's not one mushroom in here that you can't eat.
How did Ninny manage to do this all on her own?
What a very clever girl she is.
Ninny, where are you?
Come here a minute.
Ninny, didn't you hear?
Mama wants you.
Ninny, this is a beautiful mushroom basket.
We'll have a feast tonight.
Her feet have come back.
Oh, I'm so glad.
We'll soon be able to see your face.
It won't take long at all, Ninny.
And you mustn't worry about stinky one little bit.
He's all talk.
If something upsets you, just think of something else.
At least that's my philosophy in life.
If somebody upsets you, ignore him.
That's my philosophy, Ninny.
Anyone who picks mushrooms like this deserves to be seen.
You mustn't let anything frighten you when you're with us.
Do you understand?
Come on, everybody's waiting to see you.
That's just great, Ninny.
Oh, that's wonderful, Ninny, wonderful.
I can't wait to see all of you.
It won't be long now.
I don't think Mouse Gray is quite your color, you know.
You just sleep as long as you like, Ninny.
Good night now.
If you want anything, you just shout.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Uh...
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, where's Mom and Momma?
Well, well. What are you doing? Do you know what time it is?
Do you like this moment, Papa? Yes, it's very nice.
It's good to have someone in the house to make clothes for it last. I hope it'll look pretty on her.
What's this for? Her hair!
Good morning, Moomin, Papa.
Good morning, Lila.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
Good morning, Papa.
Good morning, Moomin, Papa.
Good morning, Little Mai. You're very early today. Where's Nini?
Still in bed.
You're up early.
I can't wait to see her. Come on, man.
It's like waiting for Christmas, isn't it?
Yeah, I like having Christmas every day. Isn't it, Papa?
Well, I think it's much more exciting this way. We have to wait until she's ready to come down.
Did you hear that door opening? She's awake.
I hope she found the dress where I left it on the table.
Oh, good. It's all right. Now you know where to look.
Well, she's OK, I suppose.
Thank you all very much for everything.
Oh. So she can talk.
They still couldn't see Nini's face, but at least they knew that she was there, and that she was talking to them.
It made them all feel a lot better.
It made them look.
It made them look better.
It made them look better.
It made them look better.
They loved the laughter, and they loved the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring, and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They loved the laughter, and they loved the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring, and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
Come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a movement land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
They can't catch me.
Hey, oh, miss me!
Hey, where's Danny?
I asked her if she wanted to play with us, and she said yes!
Danny, come on, we're going to have some fun!
Right, let's go!
Ninny, who became invisible because of her sarcastic aunt, was now visible up to the neck.
But no matter how much of Granny's remedy she took or how nice the movements were to her,
her head still remained invisible.
That's the invisible child.
I wonder what she really looks like.
Oh, well, good morning, everybody!
Morning, lazy bones! We've been up for hours and hours!
We're going to play hide-and-seek in the woods.
Great! Ninny, are you all right?
Yes, thanks.
This is dumb. If I could see your face, I wouldn't have to ask.
Doesn't help with you, Sniff. You always ask silly questions.
It's a bit big for hide-and-seek, isn't it?
But that's what's so good about it!
It's a bit big for hide-and-seek, isn't it?
But that's what's so good about it!
Okay, this is a good place to start, but we've got a new rule for the game.
Once you found somewhere to hide, you've got to stay in the same place,
no moving about anyone.
Do you understand, Ninny?
Right, you're to go first, Sniff.
Why isn't always me first?
We'll have a practice for Ninny's sake.
Show her what to do.
Uh, hide-and-seek is an easy game.
Not for Ninny, it isn't. She's never played it before.
What? Never ever?
No, and not just hide-and-seek.
She hasn't played any games at all.
Not even when she was visible?
No, nothing.
Oh, that's terrible.
So, will you go first?
No, I won't.
Okay, I'll go first then.
I'll count to 10 slowly, so you'll have plenty of time to find somewhere.
One, two, three.
Go on, Ninny, hurry up.
Four, five.
I can still see you.
Six.
Seven.
Good, good, good.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten.
Hello, Ninny.
Don't be frightened.
Why don't you hide in that bush over there?
He'll never find you.
I'm coming.
Thank you.
Ouch, my dear.
God, you sniff.
Okay.
Okay.
Got you, Little Mike.
No.
No, we're Ninny's hiding.
Oh, look.
Oh.
Ah, come out, Ninny.
I've got you.
That was a good place, but I saw your ribbons.
Oh.
Now for snort, Maiden.
She's always easy to find.
Ha.
That's only because she wants to be found.
Found you, snort, Maiden.
One.
Two.
Three.
Don't wait, Ninny.
This is my bush.
Four.
Hey, Ninny.
I'll show you a good place.
Just come with your uncle stinky.
Now, don't worry.
No one will find you there.
It opens up once you're inside.
Come on.
It's a bit steep.
I'll help you.
Oh.
Right.
That should keep you quiet.
You're a bit too visible at the moment.
Oh, let me out.
But I'm sure if you stay here until tomorrow, no one will see it all.
Please don't leave me here.
Please.
That's it.
Now tomorrow, we'll hit the bank.
Let me out.
Please let me out.
I'm very glad I thought of bringing Ninny here.
It's nice to have her here too, Tiki.
She's no trouble at all.
She's all pretty eccentric, and it might be just what she needs to make her want to be seen again.
Oh, and you're very kind, of course.
Well, thank you.
I think I suppose we should be flattered, shouldn't we?
Oh, yes, definitely.
She started to talk, but her voice is very weak.
You have to listen very carefully.
Has it always been like that or just since she was invisible?
I'm not sure.
I don't think it was like that before.
Lots of people manage very well without using their heads, so I'm certain Ninny will be all right.
Yes, and I'm glad she's got movement in the others to play with.
She's never had anybody before, you know.
I think she'd find it a bit difficult to Tiki.
Well, Mum and Mama, I think that all she needs is something to shock her out of it.
Huh, got you a little, Mai.
Oh, that bush was too prickly anyway.
I expect I'm the last one, hey.
No, I haven't found Ninny yet.
Ninny?
I didn't think Ninny would hide so well.
Any luck, Sniff?
There's nowhere else to look, Mum and.
Perhaps she's lost or fallen or hurt herself.
Oh, I've looked absolutely everywhere.
I bet she's invisible again.
That's why I can't find her.
I bet Sniff hasn't looked everywhere.
She can't be far.
Do you know where she is, Mum and?
No, I haven't seen her at all.
Not since we started.
Ninny!
Come on, we're going home.
We've finished playing.
Ninny!
Oh, my goodness.
Where could she be?
Ninny!
It's your turn, Sniff.
See, you've got to find her.
Ninny!
Not once the game's over, I haven't.
Never mind.
We'll all look.
We must find her.
We are supposed to be looking after her, you know?
Oh, come on.
Ninny, the game's over.
We've finished.
Ninny!
Ninny!
Hurry up!
We're going home for cookies and lemonade!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Can you hear us?
We weren't supposed to come this far, Snort Maiden.
We might be really lost or frightened or anything.
Ninny!
Where are you, Ninny?
Can you hear me?
Ninny!
Help!
I'm over here!
Did you hear something?
I'm not sure.
Help!
Help!
I'm here!
Help!
That's her!
She's not far away!
Ninny!
Where are you?
Here!
Behind this rock!
Where's her voice coming from?
That way, I think.
Ninny!
I can't hear what you're saying!
Try and shout a bit louder!
I'm over here!
Over here!
Behind the rock!
I still can't hear properly!
Louder than any louder!
Behind the rock!
Which rock?
Over here!
The big rock!
Over there!
I've never shouted so much in my life!
Ninny!
Ninny!
Are you behind this rock, Ninny?
Yes!
Stinky block the cave with it!
Don't worry!
We'll get you out!
Hang on!
Are you alright, Ninny?
Thank you, Mum!
Oh, thank you!
Your voice seems to be...
Oh, what?
Oh, nothing!
Try and hold on to me, and I'll call you out!
Oh, thank you!
Hey!
What's happened?
Where's your finder?
In the cave!
Wow!
What a brilliant hiding place had you find it!
What's wrong?
Did I say something funny?
Now, that was very mean of Stinky's.
A clever idea, though, of interuser for a van robbery.
Oh, Papa!
Oh, I know Stinky shouldn't have done it,
and it must have been a nasty shopping trapped in the dark in that cave,
but no real harm came to her, and she didn't disappear,
and her voice got much stronger.
Because she yelled so loud!
Oh, goodness! Did you, dear?
Yes, Mum and Mama!
Mum and told me to yell loudly, so he'd know where I was!
And it was loud, too!
Good for you, Ninny.
It's surprising the things you can do if you have to,
and you ought to remember that people who speak loudly are usually very noticeable.
Go on, yo! I want to see it!
That's a good idea, Ninny.
If shouting brought back your voice,
you never know it might be just what's needed to make the rest of you visible.
Try and get angry, as well.
Yeah, that's easy. Just think about Stinky.
Yeah, and how horrible he is!
That should make you angry. Very angry!
Just your white Stinky!
I care how fast it may be!
Stinky, wait! We want to talk to you!
I don't want to talk to you!
No!
Oh, you are right, Sniff!
You can't get away, Stinky.
The forest is my home ground! You won't catch me in here!
Ah!
I did it!
Hold it.
You can't do this to me!
We're only doing what you did to Ninny!
Now look, I needed her to help me! I did, I tell ya!
But she didn't want to, huh?
That's why I put her down this hole to change her mind!
And scare her so much that she'd become totally invisible again!
She had to be invisible for my plan! Now get me out of here!
It's all right, Stinky. See you tomorrow!
No! Good!
You crushed few things!
I had such a wonderful plan!
Ah! Ah! You're spiteful!
Oh, let's hear them my next job!
But despite all that had happened, Ninny's face was still not to be seen.
Then, about ten days later.
This weather seems to push the nails out.
I haven't seen anyone stare at the sea like Ninny does.
Well, maybe she's never seen it before!
Oh, she's crying now!
What's the matter?
It's the sea! It's far too big!
You don't have to go on it, you know.
Mama! Mama! What's up?
What's the matter with her?
Nothing to worry about. She's never seen the sea before and she's just surprised at how big it is.
Well, there's an awful lot of water, that's for sure.
Ninny's lucky. I wish there was something to surprise or excite me.
Nothing's happened for weeks. Anything would be nice.
Mama must be bored.
I think you're right.
But she never gets bored.
Well, she is now. She needs something to happen.
I think we should do something to surprise her.
Like what?
Well, I know what we can do.
Well, tell me.
We'll creep up behind her and just give her a little push.
What, Papa? Push her into the sea?
Oh, Papa, you can't. Mama wouldn't like it.
Just watch me.
But the water's freezing. A mama will get all wet.
We never found the water too cold when we were your age.
You young people today have no sense of fun.
Did you really used to do things like that?
All the time.
Papa?
Yes, Mum.
Oh, nothing.
Don't worry, Mum.
Mama enjoys a prank. She'll find it very funny. I promise.
I know you don't.
No, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Don't you dare push her into that big horrible sea?
Let me explain to me.
There's nothing to explain. You're a big bully.
She didn't go all wet.
What a nasty trick.
You could never...
Never.
Mummy, she didn't go all wet.
What a nasty trick.
You could never...
Never.
Mimi.
There's your face, hurry!
Hurry!
Hurry!
That's the last thing to see you.
What on earth happened? Were you up to something?
Oh, nothing much. You know, that child has got the sharpest teeth with the without our head.
A woman, a woman at last. I'm visible again. We're always you won't disappear again.
Never, I'll never.
Brave girl, and with a good strong set of healthy teeth, too.
Oh, I'm so happy, nanny.
Mimi dear.
I'm very glad, too.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Uh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Uh.
Uh.
Stop laughing, you horrible child. You use sartuth monster.
What's so funny, huh?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Really, nanny laughed.
Well, she certainly changed, momma.
All she needed was to get angry, and she did.
I hope movement pop is forgiven, nanny. Thank you all for taking such good care of her.
I hate to say it, but she sounds almost as bad as it'll mind now.
Tiki, nanny.
And so nanny left movement house with Tiki.
Now that she was completely visible and far from timid, she was ready for anything.
Anything that is except seeing her aunt, she said.
Nanny.
Nanny.
Nanny.
Nanny.
Nanny.
Nanny.
Nanny.
Boom.
Nanny.
Nanny.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
Therefore you are your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a movement land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Snort Maiden is running as if the groke is chasing her.
I don't think I've ever seen her run so fast.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
I wonder what's the matter?
Perhaps something terrible has happened.
Maiden!
Maiden!
Maiden Papa!
Maiden Mama!
No!
Come down and tell us what's wrong.
My brother's on the cliff, and he's about to jump off.
What snorke?
Are you sure?
He says nothing will prevent him doing it.
Oh, please.
You must stop him, moment.
Did you say that you wanted me to help you with something
snorkemaiden?
Yes.
I want you to stop snorke jumping off the south side of the cliff.
Oh, dear.
I never thought he was the type.
He says it's a test flight.
Oh.
Now what?
A test flight, did you say?
Snorkemaiden, do you mean that he's finally finished building
his flying ship?
No, only the blueprint.
At least I think that's all.
He doesn't tell me.
Well, that's a start.
He built a small model of the flying ship's wings,
and they don't look strong enough to carry anyone.
And now he's going to try them out himself
to see if they'll work.
And I know they won't.
They'll break, you know.
Now, wait a minute, snorkemaiden.
Slow down and let me think.
He's made the wings from the blueprint of the flying ship.
Well, his plans are always very accurate.
Oh, Papa, you've got to stop him.
The south side, Papa.
Yes, I know.
The highest and steepest one of all.
Oh, moment, Papa.
There must be something we can do.
Yes, I'm sure there is.
Right.
Hurry, everybody.
There's no time to lose.
Come on.
Oh, thank you, moment, Papa.
Come on.
All right.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
A snork? Wait!
Wait, please!
Stop, snork! Don't do it!
Why have you brought everybody here, snork maiden?
They've come to beg you not to do it!
You're too young and brilliant for such a tragic end!
Thank the bobble we were in time!
As a matter of fact, you weren't.
Oh, really?
It looks very dangerous to me, snork.
Well, it's not a tall woman, Papa.
I made these wings myself. They're perfectly balanced.
Well, yes, I'm sure they are.
The blueprints are detailed and precise. They're quite safe.
Tell me, snork. Why did you stop on the edge like that after running down the slope?
I was measuring the right length for my approach run.
Don't do it, snork. I don't want to lose my only brother.
Don't make such a fuss, snork maiden.
Do you really think it's safe?
Of course it is. You don't see birds falling out of the sky, do you?
Well, at least, do your test flight just above the ground so that if something happens to go wrong, you won't hurt yourself.
I've already done that from the roof of our house, and it worked beautifully.
Did you see him?
No, I didn't see anything.
Of course you didn't. Do you think I let a wimpy little sister watch me?
What's that supposed to mean, snork?
Just that I don't want you sticking your big nose into my affairs all the time.
I don't like it, and there's nothing to do with you.
Yours is just as big, and I don't want to lose you.
Don't go on about losing me.
Why not?
Come on now, you two. Stop it.
Hey!
Oops! That was close.
Snork maiden, I don't think your brother is going to be stopped.
Oh dear, oh dear.
You're very brave, snork.
Right, here we go.
This time it'll be a perfect takeoff.
It's a long way.
Oh look, isn't that snuffkin down there?
Where? Where is he? Where's snuffkin?
You can't see him from there, Sniff. You'll have to come here.
Is it really snuffkin?
Yes, I'm sure it is. Snuffkin!
Yeah!
Baby, hear you?
No, I don't think so.
All right, here goes!
Good luck, Snork!
He's flying!
Oh!
It's the snork!
Hey!
Look at him flying!
It's all right, Snork maiden.
Your brother's doing fine. Come and see.
He's done it! He's done it!
Whoa, I knew he could do it.
Well, so did I, to be honest.
Huh?
You, Snork!
Hello!
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
I remember this test flight is a great success!
Just as I thought he can't fly and wave at the same time.
Interesting!
That was mean, stinky.
If I could get him to wave with both arms, he'd probably fall.
Look, we don't want you here, stinky. Why don't you just go away?
I can find lots to do with that machine.
If you won't go away, I will.
Well, go on, Snuffkin. What do I care what you do?
Hmm, that would be perfect for robberies.
The wind seems to be taking him out to sea.
Why doesn't he turn around and come back?
Turning in that thing might not be so easy.
What? Do you mean he can't?
Well, don't worry, Snork maiden. Of course he can.
Oh, what's this I can't turn on?
Oh!
Oh, he's hit a tree.
Come on, hurry!
No!
Is he dead?
No, he's been knocked out.
He looks dead to me anyway.
Where are they? What's happened to the wings?
In the tree.
Ah, he won't want them anymore, so now I can have them.
Now, let me see.
So, did the test fly go all right?
Will someone tell me what happened?
Well, it was fine until the very end.
I'm sure that you only need a bit more practice.
Flying isn't the easiest thing to master, you know.
I expect so. Let's hope you don't run out of bandages, though.
Excuse me.
Snork?
Are you going to use the wings anymore?
I might not. Why?
Oh, well, I'll have them if you don't want them.
I want to fly in the sky, too.
It looks the most exciting thing I've ever seen.
Oh, please let me have them.
Well, it's not as simple as that, movement.
They need testing before the design changes.
I'm not going to use the wings anymore.
Well, I'll have them if you don't want them.
They need testing before the design is complete.
But I could do that, Snork. I know I could do it.
Please let me have them.
Well, I suppose I could do with some help.
There's a lot to do, fetching and carrying mostly.
You haven't said if I can have the wings or not yet, Snork.
Yes, you can, but on one condition.
Anything.
Well, now the blueprints are finished and the wings are more or less right.
I'll need somewhere to build the ship and somewhere to store all the materials
so they'll be dry and at hand.
Yes, you will, Snork. I can see that.
It doesn't have to be much, just a roof will do, or and walls.
So that people can't spy on me and steal my ideas.
I can do the building myself, but I'll need some help
and when it's finished, you can have the wings.
Great. I'd love to help you.
I'd have done that anyway, but now that I can have the wings,
I'll work twice as hard. You won't regret it, Snork.
I promise you you won't.
Splendid, woman. That settled them.
Perhaps we can get more help.
I'm sure that'd be easy. How about it, Snork?
Yes, of course.
Will you help us do Sniff?
Yes, but I want something too.
I'll let you borrow the wings.
No, I'm far too heavy. I only break them.
Don't worry, Sniff. I'm sure I'll think of something you can have.
Oh, as long as it's something nice.
How I do love helping people.
You're all hard, Sniff. We know that for sure.
I'm sure you'll need some expert help with the shed, Snork.
Surely this must be deep enough, Papa?
Oh, no. We moments are always built for posterity.
Besides, I like pouring cement.
Okay, Papa.
I've given your present a lot of fortune, all.
Huh?
And I think I'll give you one of my invaluable books on machinery.
Oh, don't you want it?
Well, if there was something else, I'm not much of a reader.
What about my invaluable fountain pen?
Invaluable fountain pen?
What about my invaluable...
Do you have anything that's not invaluable, Snork?
Well, what about a gold coin?
Well, that sounds great. A real gold coin?
Oh, boy, yes, that's a deal.
You are digging a very deep hole.
Oh, why don't you stop and have some sandwiches?
Should we do that, Papa? Go on.
Yes, I think we can stop now.
Sniff and your brother are in the woods.
Yes, I know. I heard them.
Hi, Snork, maybe.
Oh, no.
Wait a minute. I want to ask you something.
What is it?
Tell me, Snork, is it true that your brother gave those wings to a woman?
Yes, it is. He's helping Snork to build the shed his payment.
I thought they'd been broken up. They hit that tree very hard.
Well, my brother's repairing them.
Will you let me pass? I've got to take his lunch to him.
And will he be able to repair them?
He can repair anything.
Mmm.
Gosh, what a lot of wood you've got.
Well, the shed has to be a lot bigger than my flying ship.
Moomin and Moomin Papa are digging holes. They sure are deep.
Everybody's being very kind, very kind indeed.
Mama's cooking and Snuffkin's gone to get nails.
There are some other things I need him to get as well.
Will you write them down?
Of course I will, Snork. Oh, you're such a planner.
Well, I'm afraid all famous inventors have to be.
Whether it was Snork's planning,
or the fact that everyone in Moomin Valley helped in some way or other,
the hanger or boat house was finished in a record time.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to take a look.
You?
Moomin's here.
Come in, Moomin.
Thank you for all your help.
You did so much that these wings are hardly paymented enough.
But if you're happy with them.
You make fun building the shed.
I change the design a bit, so it's easier to take off on land.
And turning shouldn't be a problem anymore.
You must remember to give yourself plenty of time, Moomin.
Thank you, Snork.
I can't wait to try them out.
I'm so excited I don't think I'll sleep tonight.
Are you trying them out tomorrow?
As soon as I can.
You will be careful.
You must practice a lot just above the ground to get used to
wearing them before you try to go too high.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
Oh, practice, I promise.
Where are you going to practice tomorrow?
I haven't decided.
I'll find somewhere when I come out tomorrow,
perhaps on that small hill near the cliff.
Well, that can't be too dangerous.
I'll see you there.
Hi, Momen. Where do you put the wings?
On the table outside, you must have gone past them
if you came in through the veranda door.
No, I didn't. They're not there.
What?
Oh, no, you're right. They're gone.
Oh dear, I thought it was mine.
What's happened to them?
Somebody stolen them.
What's the matter with you, too?
Is something wrong?
Yes, somebody stolen Momen's wings.
Well, perhaps they haven't been stolen.
Of course they have, and I bet I know who did it, too.
Come on.
Where are we going? Do you know where they are?
It's stinky.
Oh, yeah. Well, it certainly didn't take you long.
Just a minute, stinky. Those are my wings.
See? I knew it was him.
Stop, you horrible creature.
I certainly will back.
If you give them back, stinky, I'll let you try them out later.
I promise.
No way, boom. When they're mine now, I'm going to be a high flier.
Look out, moving.
Oh, stop!
Oh, no.
You're pathetic.
The wings are mine.
I'll become a master criminal now.
All rotten seabing.
You shouldn't have left them outside, Momen.
Yeah, but who'd think let each steal them?
Where his friends?
Well, almost.
I didn't think even stinky would do something like that.
Well, he did, didn't he?
Now, don't worry, Momen.
We'll find him and get them back. I know it.
Look, Momen, now he's going towards the sea.
Oh, no, turn around.
But stinky didn't know how to maneuver the wings.
It must take him further and further out.
Turn around, we'll get turned back.
Until?
You're at least he's having a bath for once.
The wings will be badly damaged.
Never mind.
Snark will build another pair.
I sure hope so.
They love the laughter and they love the living.
The movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living.
The movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
Therefore you are your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a movement land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing the best song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
Captain Blood and his band of feared pirates had sailed the seas for many years,
but never could he remember a storm such as this.
He began to wonder whether his ship could withstand the battering and buffeting of the angry waves for much longer.
Alas, he is now too late to launch the lifeboat, he thought, as he lashed himself to the wheel.
His voice rose against the wind.
The blood can think of no better death than to journey to the bottom of the sea, losing the last battle against his old adversary.
But if only I could see the life of the young and beautiful princess,
who I rescued from the Duke scallion before a ciker.
I care not about the three chests of doubloons, two chests of jewels,
and 36 bales of the richest and most colorful silks.
But oh, must she too perish in this terrible storm.
Did a good book, Moomin?
Mmm, it's great.
What a terrible storm, it's not easing at all.
No.
I'm so glad I'm not on my own in a night like this.
I feel safe in Moomin house.
Oh, what was that?
It sounded like a tree breaking.
Hey, Moomin.
Mmm, why don't you read your story out loud?
Oh, okay.
But can I start where I got to?
As long as you tell us what's happened before, we won't know what it's about.
And we might have missed something important.
Just the main points will do, Moomin.
Well, there's this brave part.
Oh, it's so much fun when someone reads out loud.
Go on, Moomin.
Captain Blood.
And he and his men have captured a rich and royal galleon.
They've taken lots of gold, silver, and jewels and things.
And oh, yes, a princess, too.
It's exciting, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
The storm that rose that night was so violent that at first,
it seemed inevitable the ship found before the waves had engulfed it.
Not bad, if I say so myself.
Captain Blood saw that the poor princess had indeed swooned.
With only the rats for company, how frightened she must have been down in the old.
The noise of the storm was deafening as the ship was thrown above.
Under swirling sea.
The captain's brave heart went out to his young and beautiful captain.
Would I have some tea, Mama?
Of course, dear. Would you like me to bring it up to you?
No, thanks. I've finished for the day.
That's good. Shall we all have some tea and lemonade?
Yes, please. I'm very thirsty.
You read very well. Thank you, Moomin.
Great story, isn't it?
Could I have some strawberry juice, please, Mama?
It's not made, and when is your brother coming home?
He didn't say exactly, but in a couple of days, I should think.
It was a good idea to let snort-making stay while he was away, wasn't it, Papa?
Yes, it wouldn't be very nice to be all on your own at night in a storm like this.
Not at all.
She seems to be sinking.
She won't be able to hold out much longer.
We must get to the crew without delay.
How could we launch a boat in this weather?
Any survivors?
We haven't found anyone yet.
So what about further along the coast?
Any reports of survivors turning up?
No, I'm afraid not, Inspector. We haven't heard anything.
Well, tell me if you do.
Ah, Inspector.
Yes?
Ah, it seems to me it was a pirate ship that sunk.
What did you say?
Well, I'm pretty sure I saw the skull and crossbones flying from the mast.
And I think I caught sight of a cannon, but I could have been mistaken.
You must be joking.
I never joke.
I can't see anything. It's too far away to make out any sort of skull and crossbones.
Try this.
Ah, you've got a telescope.
Now why didn't you let me have this before? It might have helped.
Oh!
Ah, that's it. She's gone.
I suppose that there aren't many pirate ships around today.
Any that are afloat must be so old that they'd probably break up easily.
That's if it was a pirate ship, but it sure looked like one right enough.
Nothing's been washed up on the shore yet?
No, not a thing.
Isn't it strange that I was reading that book about pirates yesterday?
They probably wouldn't be quite so romantic in real life.
Well, in the book they were really great. I wish I'd been one.
A pirate?
Yeah, what could be more exciting?
You can't mean that.
Oh yes, I do. To sail across the seven seas, the holds of your ship's crammed with treasurers.
But you'd have to steal the treasure from somebody first, though, movement.
Well, yes, alright. I suppose so. But I wouldn't steal anything from anyone.
Ah, then you're just a sailor. Not a pirate at all.
Boom and mama, do you know where Moomin is?
He's probably in Snuffkin's tent.
Oh, yeah?
Snork maiden, I have a letter for you.
Yeah, you are. It's from the snork.
Oh, thank you. Wait a minute, little my. I want to read Snork's letter.
Take your time.
Oh, what's the matter?
It's Snork. He's coming home today.
That's nice.
But Moomin, mama, there's no food in the house at all.
Now, don't worry about that, Snork maiden.
I'll rustle up some dinner for us, and Snork can tell us all about his trip.
Boom and Papa like that.
Oh, thank you, mama. Snork doesn't like missing his meals.
He must have got the part sooner than he thought.
Ha, that's great news.
He should finish his flying ship soon, hey?
I guess so.
He should make it into a pirate flying ship.
I could be his first maid, and no one would be able to catch us. Nobody at all.
Ha, ha, ha.
Not here.
Oh, dear. I wonder where they've gone, little my.
There's nobody here.
Moomin probably wanted to go looking for an adventure.
I bet they went down to the beach to see if anything's been washed out.
At least the hangar's not been damaged.
Let's go down to the beach. We may find a treasure chest.
Huh?
What is it?
I just thought I heard something.
Where? From in there.
Hmm, weird.
Oh, I know. The snork must have come back.
Oh, yes. Snork. Of course.
Hello, snork.
Oh, snork. Are you in here?
Mm-hmm.
Ah!
Snork me.
Huh?
Put her down.
Oh, really? It was actually a pirate ship.
It was indeed Moomin Papa, and we caught the pirates when they swam ashore.
Do you think you captured all of them, Inspector?
Well, of course, we don't know exactly how many there were to begin with.
Hmm, right. I better barricade ourselves in Moomin House just to be on the safe side.
Oh, dear. And I suppose I ought to stand guard over my greenhouse as well.
Blast me, beansoles. Come here, you little pineapple.
Do let snork me go. You'll be sorry. You great big hairy folly.
No, not in your life. That won't just my hostage. I needed to make good my escape, but go.
Then you only have yourself to blame.
Hey, what? Blame? Stay where you are now. I will not be bitten again. Keep away a little cat.
Well, don't hurt her then.
Hurt her, you little shark. She's a hostage. Come me one at that. She'll be my safe passenger.
These rough waters are perished.
Well, then you better take me instead, because I'm much easier to carry.
You, huh? Nobody would care if I fed you slowly to the shrimps.
Oh, yes, lots of people. When you overstab win, babe.
All right, all right. Hold your head. We'd blow me down. No, what's your name, girl?
I'm Lil Mai.
I'm Captain Rumpod. Not going to get whatever authorities you have in this backwater.
Hurry, my patience is short.
I'll only go if you promise that you won't hurt snork maiden.
Of course I won't.
If I find that you've hurt her in any way at all, my revenge will be terrible.
All right, all right, all right.
Oh, boy.
Captain Rumpod, you are surrounded. Let snork maiden go. Do you hear me, Captain?
Do a gold button land lover like you never. She's a good-looking wench fair skinned and nicely rounded.
Pirates prefer blondes. Give me a ship and you can have her back.
What do you say to that, my buckhole?
You're on your own, Captain. We've got all your men locked up tight.
All me crew?
You're the last one. Now, let her go immediately.
Thank you for saving me crew. I feared they were all lost.
Don't thank me. They're all in jail.
Ah, someone said it's the best place for them, but not me.
Now let them out. I need them and a proper ship.
Oh, with two masks and fifty cannon and no tricks else it'll be worse for the girl.
This is too much.
The school for constables didn't tell us about this.
What should we do, Inspector?
Police gets snorked making away from him.
I'm afraid you'll hurt her and she'll be frightened.
I'm trying my best, but it's very awkward all this.
I've not come across anything like it before.
Oh, but it's not her fault that his ship sank, Inspector.
I know, I know. Oh, dear, oh dear.
Oh, I should have been a gardener.
Hey, are you still there, you ruffian?
Let my men go and get my ship. Two masks and fifty cannon mines.
Look, Captain Rumpod, I'm afraid the times have changed.
Sailing ships don't have cannon these days.
Shiver me timbers. How do you sink each other then?
I don't try to fool me. Remember, I've got the girl.
I think Moomin Papa has an old blender bus I'm sure he'll let you have.
I don't know if it'll work, though. That's all I've got.
I'm one of you, Peabrain. This is my final word, so listen well.
You have two hours to get the ship ready to sail and all my crew with her mine.
Or else I'll...
Now, don't worry, my pretty one. I won't have a single hair on your head,
but I must have something to threaten them with.
Or else I'll feed her to the hungry shark.
Oscar, I won't hurt you.
Are you sure?
Either I get my ship, Oak, fifty cannon, and at least two masters.
She'll be food for lobsters. It's your choice, my husband.
That should do it.
He sounds as if he'll do it, too.
Two hours, he says, a real feeder to the shark. Oh, dear, oh, dear.
What will Snork say, oh, dear, oh, dear?
I have a great idea, sir.
Why don't we climb onto the roof, drill a hole, and then drop something on his head?
You know, Constable, I've always thought you were an idiot, and now you've proved it.
Excuse me, Inspector.
If we set fire to the hangar, then they'll have to come out, won't they?
Shut up! Why am I surrounded by fools?
Oh, this is no good.
I must calm down, I must calm down.
Captain Rumbot!
Can you hear me, Captain?
Aha, you found a ship already, have you?
Well, no, there aren't any real sailing ships in Moomin Valley.
The chief Constable has a yacht.
He doesn't usually let anyone borrow it, but I'm sure in this case he...
I want something big enough to take me to the Spanish main, I warn you!
To calm down, Captain, calm down, now just listen to me.
You haven't done anything wrong here, no pirating or such like,
so if you forget about the boat, we'll let you all go, think about it.
Three to go anywhere you like, on foot, of course.
The fresh air, the sun on your face, no worry of shipwrecks, no storms at sea.
What do you think we are?
Huh, we're pirates, not high-wamen.
It's not so bad being a high-wamen, you know?
There'll be lots of rich travelers on the other side of Lonely Mountain,
I'm sure, and lots of adventures with jewels and gold.
Day me with flagens are rubbed your chicken brain, nitwit!
Nitwit?
No, niggum poop, dumb bill!
I'm Captain Rumbot!
You're making me very angry!
If I had you on my ship, you'd dangle from the yard!
I'm yet to walk the blade!
The inspectors lose control.
We had better calm him down.
What the crank would I?
And in my prison, you'd get no butter in their bread,
and maggots on your biscuits!
Please calm down, sister.
Please calm down, sister.
Calm down.
Calm down, take care.
Be easy.
Are you sure?
We water!
I'd see through it that the bread was milled!
That's 30 minutes gone already!
I warned you, gold button.
Now there is only one hour to her painful and horrible death!
Cheer up, Snark Maiden!
Try and hold on!
We'll get you out!
Water?
Water?
Huh?
What did you say?
Water, please.
I'm so thirsty.
Water?
Nasty?
I'm thirsty.
Water?
Nasty?
I'm thirsty.
Water?
Nasty stuff, still.
Hey, land lovers!
Compliments to the galley!
The young lady wants a drink!
All right, captain.
I'm coming, Snark Maiden.
I'll take it, Inspector.
It's too dangerous.
You must leave it to us now, moment.
Just a minute, Inspector.
I think we should let Moomin go,
and I've got an idea that just might work.
Snark him!
It'll take an awful lot of courage,
and you'll have to do it all on your own.
Do you think you can do it, Moomin?
Of course.
Splice me, mate.
Raise what's taken him so long.
Keep it a young lady in waiting.
It's all right.
I really don't mind waiting.
Tell you the truth.
I can do it and drink myself.
It's thirsty work.
Shouting at idiot policeman.
Don't you worry, little one.
They'll be here soon.
Get me a drink, too!
You hear it!
Quick about it!
I've brought you something to drink, Captain.
Right, come on, then.
And no funny stuff.
Don't worry. I'm on my own.
Have you done a drink for me, too?
Yes, Captain.
All right. Stay there and put down the train.
The bigger one is for you, Captain.
And the little one for Snark, mate.
Now move away.
And for enough, stay there.
Hmm. Why is it so red?
Well, it's strawberry juice.
It's very good.
I'll be polite.
She can drink from this one and I'll have hers.
But, Captain, there's not enough for you in the small one.
Strawberry juice isn't exactly my favorite tip of your know.
No, the small one will do.
Here you are, young lady.
No, no, Snark, mate. And please, don't drink it.
Why not, my young bucko? It's not poison, is it?
Don't be silly. Poisoned.
Oh, no, no.
Perhaps a sleeping potion.
Hmm. As I thought.
I deemed in mighty strange that two cups were prepared.
You drink it.
Oh, no, no, no, sir. I'm not thirsty at all.
What's the matter, Miland? You said the drink wasn't poisoned, didn't you?
So, drink!
Movement?
Ah, you're her swing, are you?
I shall never understand women anyway.
One of you will have to drink it, and now!
Not far, I'll do it. I'll do it. Give it to me.
No, movement, don't. There's something in it. You'll be poisoned.
It's all right, Snark, mate. It's nothing dangerous.
Don't worry about me.
I'll drink it.
Oh.
That's it. Drink up again.
Down the hatch, Miland.
You're lucky it wasn't poisoned.
Yeah.
And no sleeping potion, neither?
Oh, no. Nothing at all. Nothing.
Oh, movement! Oh, no, movement!
You're not my pretty one.
Your wimpy little bow is just taking a nap. You'll be right as rain's soon.
And he thought he could fool me.
Me, Captain Rumpot, but she can't.
Well, I'll have the other one.
Not bad.
No, I'm sorry, young lady.
They'll have to bring you another.
Shall we order one without the draft?
They'll be surprised when they see me still on my pins.
Why do I not sleep at all?
Let's go and give my surprise, huh?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Yay!
A moment!
It's all right. I'm okay, Snorgmaiden.
There's nothing in this drink. Would you like some?
A moment. You mean you?
Well, I was pretending. So I convinced you too, huh?
A moment!
Captain Rumpot didn't wake up that day, or the next.
And when he did, he had a terrible headache, which served him right.
The inspector let all the pirates go after a week.
Well, they hadn't done any pirating in Moomin Valley,
and wouldn't be doing any either, not without a ship.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
The rain was falling on movement value as though the heavens had decided to empty themselves.
It was the whitest weather that anyone could remember.
...
...
...
...
...
...
Mama, can I borrow all this?
Of course, dear.
And this one too?
Yes, dear, but what do you need them for?
It's a secret.
A secret?
Yeah, sure.
I'll want to see a back moment, but you can keep the jar if you like.
Thanks.
...
...
Oh, dear me!
Oh, there are puddles everywhere.
Oh, dear me, Mr. Hamillin.
What a mess!
Hello, Mr. Hamillin.
Oh, good morning, Momen.
Oh, it's all misty now.
What are you doing, Momen?
Observing very closely.
Oh, splendid, my boy.
I'm glad you find botany so excited.
