Oh, what exactly is it you're observing?
I'm sure I saw a beautiful crayfish in there.
Crayfish? Excuse me, young man, but that is zoology.
Quite the most uninteresting field.
There it is.
Oh! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
I got him! I got him!
I got him!
A dragon?
Papa!
Oh, what have you got there?
Oh, oh, nothing, Papa.
Everything's so fresh after the rain.
Oh, woman.
Yes, it is.
I've got to show this to Snuffkin before anybody else sees it.
Boom, moment!
What have you got there, Moomin?
Oh, nothing. Nothing at all, little lie.
Oh, yes, you have, I saw it. Don't lie to me.
It's just one of Mom's old jars.
Liar, liar, I know there's something.
I don't think there's nothing.
Then why are you hiding it?
Oh, right, little mice. See me, it's not fair.
Dragon.
Ah, yeah, I was right.
They must be a baby dragon.
Probably the very last one on Earth and washed up by the rain.
A dragon of my own.
Well, that's wonderful.
Oh, I hope I didn't frighten you.
I know what I'll do.
I know what I'll do.
I know what I'll do.
I know what I'll do.
I know what I'll do.
I know what I'll do.
I'll take the lid off the jar so you can get some fresh air, little dragon.
See? That better, isn't it?
Come on, little fella.
We'll give you a car to make you feel better.
Ow!
Oh, that burnt me!
What a fierce little dragon you are.
Don't worry.
I'll look after you.
I'll take good care of you.
And when you're bigger and start to like me, I'll take you swimming in the sea.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You must be starving.
I'll get you something from my nighttime emergency food box.
I've got lots of things in there.
It's bound to be something you like.
The one.
Take anything you want.
Oh.
Gosh, that's really clever, little dragon.
Move it. Lunch is ready.
Gummy!
Now you stay here.
Don't worry. I'll be back in no time at all.
Remember, you're my own little dragon.
Where's sniff?
I thought he was here as well.
He's collecting worms for fishing.
He'll be here soon.
We'll start without him then.
You know, Mama, certain people keep secrets in glass jars.
Secrets?
Oh, yes, a little secret that hisses.
Moment, Mama, I found this near the big puddle.
Thank you, sniff.
Moment, I told you I wanted it back.
It's my very best one.
Sorry, Mama.
I was so excited.
I must have left it when I found...
I mean, when I was...
And I'm sure you know who I mean by certain people.
Did you catch anything with the sieve, Moment?
Yes, he did. Something that's now hidden in his room.
Big mouth.
If it's a secret, little my.
Perhaps he doesn't want to tell anyone.
Yeah, probably because his new pet bites.
Well, it hasn't bitten you yet, hasn't it?
If it did, I'd bite it back.
Is it true? Does your secret really bite people?
Well, it couldn't bite very hard.
If it was small enough to go in a jar, could it, Papa?
I suppose certain people might keep other small things in jars,
beetles and spiders, mosquitoes, scorpions, or poisonous centipedes,
horrible things that multiply and multiply every week
and grow and grow until the jars are too small.
See? Like that.
And there'll be so many of them, thousands and thousands
and they'll take over moving valley and eat us all.
Oh, well, I haven't got a centipede.
Hmm, I wonder if centipedes come from outer space.
But this is the earth deer.
The rain could have brought them down from space, Mama, couldn't it?
Well, you could be right. It was raining very hard yesterday.
And it wasn't like ordinary rain.
I saw a puddle as big as a lake.
What's the matter, movement?
It isn't a centipede.
Ha, we're on the right track, though.
Well, I'm glad it's not a poisonous centipede.
I shouldn't have liked that.
Oh, you're asleep.
Moomin's little dragon.
Is it okay if I go see snuffkin, Mama?
Have you finished already?
Yes, I have.
Tell them they mustn't go into my room.
Or they'll have to take the consequence, sis.
All right, Moomin, I'll make sure no one goes in there.
I promise.
Oh, but he's gonna tell snuffkin' this secret.
I should think he is.
Best friends always come first, little my.
Hey, snuffkin.
Hi.
Fishing again?
Yep.
The cards told me that if I caught five menos, one right after the other, I'd be traveling south.
South?
You're joking.
Not at all. I believe in the cards.
But snuffkin, winter's not here yet.
I know that, but the cards tell you things for a reason, Moomin.
Oh, do they really?
But it would be awfully few when you waste snuffkin.
Just awful.
I mean, I'd be very lonely.
Well, anyway, who would I talk to or tell my secrets to?
Oh, snuffkin, quickly.
You must come back to Moomin house.
Now?
Yeah.
Well, I suppose I could fish later.
No, no. There's no point.
But I have to catch five menos.
Oh.
The fish won't bite after all is rain.
You'd catch nothing.
It'll be better to wait until it stops flowing so fast.
Well, perhaps you're right.
So what's this big secret all about?
Hey, Moomin.
Have you ever seen a dragon snuffkin?
No, of course not.
They all disappeared off the face of the earth many hundreds of years ago.
But perhaps they didn't all disappear.
What if there was one alive somewhere?
That's impossible.
It could be so small that it would go in a glass jar snuffkin.
Are you sure you're not daydreaming, Moomin?
But still, anything is possible, I suppose.
But you know me.
I have to see it right in front of me before I believe it.
Oh, where is it?
Mama promised me that she wouldn't let anyone in.
I'd not hear either.
Well, you were right, Moomin.
What?
Ah, there he is.
I think you've found a real dragon.
How do you get up there?
He mustn't fall.
He might lose his tail.
Don't move, little dragon.
And snuffkin, keep quiet.
You might get frightened and do something silly.
Don't worry, I'll soon have you down.
This will do. I'll lay it on the floor here.
Jump, little dragon.
Don't be afraid.
Come on, hold onto this and we'll bring you down slowly.
Don't panic.
I don't think it's a very good idea, Moomin.
You'll only scare him away.
Why don't you just leave him alone?
He'll come down when he's ready.
Dragons aren't helpless, you know, even little baby ones.
But he's so small.
Come to Moomin.
Come on, don't you understand?
Hold onto that and I'll listen to you.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Look at him!
My dragon, come fly!
He's flying!
He's flying!
Come down, little dragon.
You might question or something.
Come down!
Oh!
Be careful, snuffkin.
He might bite!
I don't think so.
He's a very unusual pet.
I think he likes you more than me.
Ah!
What a charming little creature, Moomin.
He's lovely.
What's his name?
He's called Little Dragon.
Ha!
I don't think he's lovely at all.
Small but savage, if you ask my opinion.
That sounds just like you, little mind.
You think so?
Ow!
Yeah!
No, oh, oh, oh.
Oh!
Now look here.
Ah!
He seems to have a thing about ears, doesn't he?
Step snuffkins, why doesn't he bite him?
Go on, dragon.
Go on, baby!
He's really tasty!
Go on!
Good news, I think he's trying to heat up snuffkins coffee.
He must really like him.
Cleve a little thing.
Well, I hope he's careful with that hot breath.
We don't want to start a fire.
All right, that's enough.
He might be useful.
When he's bigger, we can put him in the cellar
and he'll be able to keep the whole house just like a furnace.
No, we will not.
Go away!
You passed!
Ow!
And you!
He only thought you were trying to get his fly.
I'll get him if he bites me again.
Just you watch me do it.
Come on, little dragon.
I'm sure that'll keep him quiet.
I'd better go.
Thanks for the coffee, Mumma.
Oh no, it'll suffocate him.
He only seems to like snuffkin.
Well, we all like snuffkin.
Stupid old dragon.
No, he isn't.
Mum and dear, why don't you take him to your room?
He'll be happier there.
This will be best for him.
Oh, I wonder if he'll come back to visit us.
Why did you do that?
He was cute and we could have always worn earmuffs.
You can visit him in snuffkin's tent.
I expect little dragons already sitting on his shoulder.
It doesn't matter anyway.
Snuffkin's going south soup.
They'll be able to go together.
Oh, my dear, Mumma.
Never mind.
Well, you're a bit of a problem.
I don't want you here, little dragon.
Come on, go away.
Go to Mumma.
Don't do that.
Oh, come on, please go to Mumma.
Look, you're very nice and it'll be fun to have you along.
But there's Mumma.
And he'd know you were here and you'd be upset.
Oh, there's another one.
That's the fifth.
Oh, dear.
Hmm?
Any luck?
Not bad.
Are you going far?
Oh, I'm fair away.
Would you like some fresh fish?
I'm sure you'll get hungry.
Yeah, what do you want in return?
A small favor.
Take this as far as you can, open the lid and just leave it.
What? Just leave it?
Yes, in a nice quiet place, with lots and lots of flies.
Flies? What's in there?
A dragon.
A dragon? Does it bite?
Well, it might.
This is a big favor.
I don't even like minnows.
Oh, they're not too bad.
If you roast them, keep the lid on.
But make sure you open it up later so it can catch the flies.
All right, as long as it doesn't try to bite me.
Don't worry, it won't.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, oh, oh.
Where is he?
Who is that?
My dragon.
He must have come here, snuffkin.
Oh, really?
I thought he was home with you, sleeping in your room.
No, I let him out.
Ah, well, dragons are very fickle.
All they really care about is big fat flies.
It's best to forget about a movement.
Did you catch your five minnows?
No, you were right. The water is too fast.
Oh, really?
So I won't go south until winter comes.
You'll stay here then?
Well, I'm sure it wouldn't do to go against the cards.
Now what a movement, my friend.
Oh, that's great. You're staying snuffkin.
Fantastic. That's really, really good.
Ah, perhaps I shouldn't have painted the float bright red.
It might have scared those little minnows right away.
Okay, let's go.
Yeah.
That dragon was sort of stupid.
Baby dragons are.
They make the world's worst pets.
They never want to settle in one place.
Yeah, you're right.
It was very funny, though, when it bit little mice here.
I think it gave her a taste of her own medicine.
The movement was very happy that snuffkin was staying in movement valley
and not going south until winter.
And as for the dragon, well, who wants to be loved by a silly old dragon?
They love the laughter and they love the living the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
Here for you on your TV, they are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There was the movements.
There were the movements.
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
The weather was far too beautiful for Moomin Papa to concentrate on writing his memoirs, so he went for a walk instead. Good morning, Mr. Hamilton. Ah, Moomin Papa. Have you found a new plan or something? I'm afraid not, and I think I must have examined every single plan in Moomin Valley. I know what you mean. There isn't a single person living here that I don't know. Ah, yes, yes, quite. Look, why don't you come over and have a conversation?
The top of tea, Mr. Hamilton. Hmm? Isn't that Moomin and Little My? Yes, I think it is. Really, Moomin Papa, peeping into people's homes. Oh, it's an empty house, Mr. Hamilton.
Moomin, what are you looking at? Oh, hello, Papa. Nobody's lived in there for years. Somebody's just moved in. Oh, really? Let me have a look. Oh, goodness. How tidy they are. Perhaps the children will play with us. Oh, they might, but they seem a bit too well behaved for that. I must have a closer look at them. Me too, Moomin Papa, but the trouble is they never come outside the fence. Well, in that case, we'll have to go in.
How do we do that, Papa? We can't just walk in there. See, you want to borrow some sugar? That should do it. Oh, Mr. Hamilton, where's your imagination? Will you please lend me your magnifying glass? But surely. Here it is. Oh, that should do it. What are you going to do, Papa? Now then, you all stay out here. My plan will only work.
Look, if it looks as though I'm on my own. Oh, but what is your plan, Papa? I hope Papa knows what he's doing. They don't look that friendly to me. Me neither.
Mama, there's someone coming. Oh, what do you want, my good man? Come on, tell me quickly. Do you hear me? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't think anyone lived here.
Well, we do know you know we just moved in. Really? Oh, do forgive me, Madam. I certainly didn't mean to trespass. Ah, so what are you doing here in the garden, man?
I'm researching the travel system of ants. I didn't know they had one. Oh, yeah, yeah, it's fascinating. How they find their way and build their roads, and they're not here now, of course. But this is their main road. It's very quiet at the moment, but at busy times, it's packed.
I'm afraid I can't see any main road. Oh, you would if you were an expert. Anyway, I'll point it out to you next time they're on the move if I'm in the vicinity, of course. But it's worth looking out for.
Welcome to Moomin Valley. I'm your next door neighbor, although we live quite a long way away. I'm Moomin. Ah, so you must be Moomin Papa, aren't you?
Ah, yes, that's me. How did you know? Did someone mention my name to you?
We were told the movements were a bit unusual. Very nice, they said, though. How very flattering. Thank you. And you're Mrs.
Philly Junk, mother and housewife. Well, it's an honor to meet you. Mrs. Philly Junk. Well done, Papa. It looks like you found us some new friends to play with. Oh, welcome party.
Don't you think it's a good idea? We haven't had a party for ages, Mama. But you hardly know them, and I've never even met them.
But Mama, how can we show them that they're really welcome and they could meet everyone at a party, couldn't they?
And I could take care of all the children. I know just what to do. Splendid, Moomin. Ah, Mr. Heaven, I know Moomin Papa. You'd like me to do the fireworks.
It looks like we're throwing a party. We'll have lots of pretty flowers. Just tell me what you want, Mama, and we'll do it.
It's great. Those kids will just love it. If they survive, Moomin.
Now then, children, the Moomin's are all a little bit odd, so behead properly. Yes, mother, we will. They'll be here soon. Take this in, Moomin.
Okay. The shoot works really well. Oh, good. I must try it. These look nice. Oh, stiff. Leave them alone, will you?
Oh, all right. Just this one. They're here. Come on, everybody. They'll soon be at the door.
Right. Come on, children. Help me with the flowers. Oh, dear. Fireworks now are later on. Oh, later on. I think you'll very hold finally.
Welcome to Moomin House, Mrs. Fitzgerald. It was very kind of you to invite us, Moomin, Mama. Come in, please, and make yourselves at home. Oh, thank you all very much indeed.
Welcome to Moomin Valley. All in my hair. It looks very untidy. Doesn't it, mother?
It's a surprise. They should have been rose buds, but we couldn't find any at all. Oh, yes. Dear, what a mess. Mrs. Philly chunk, let me introduce the children.
They all look different. Well, yes. Only Moomin is really ours. The others are sort of, I'm sure they'll all get on. Oh, I'm afraid my children do not play. They would much rather read or study.
Oh, are you sure they've got to have some time for play? I'm sure. Well, come into the dining room anyway. You can watch the others play. Make sure the chairs are clean. Yes, mother, we will.
Won't you let them play at all? No, I will not. Come on, everybody. Wouldn't you like to have a go on our slide? No.
Hmm. You'd really enjoy it once you got going. I know you would. No, thank you. No, no, not at all. No, definitely not.
And you're really quite sure, are you? Yes. I thought so. Then we've got it all to ourselves.
Moomin sounds like he's having fun.
Oh, and that's little May and sniff. Your children seem very quiet, Mrs. Billy Junk. Good children are seen and not heard right here.
That was one of mine. And that was another. Well, it sounds like they're having fun for once.
To have a biscuit, Mrs. Billy Junk. They have an unusual taste. I'd run out of flowers, so I used them.
Oh, don't worry, move them and look after them. Go on, it's your turn now.
My children. Stop it, it's too dangerous. You might hurt yourself.
Oh, come on, stop it at once. Now, don't you worry, Mrs. Billy Junk. I've got ointment in my bag if they hurt themselves.
But you'll hear mother.
Stop children, you hear me. We're going home now. Stop it.
I think it's time for the glorious finale, Papa.
I can't say I wasn't warned. Exposing them to this, Moomin Valley is no place for proper children. No place at all. Oh, dear, what's this?
There are fireworks in your honor. Fireworks. I made them especially to welcome you.
Goodbye, come back soon. Maybe tomorrow. No, you will not.
I don't think Mrs. Billy Junk enjoyed her party. She's very lucky that I didn't bite her.
She should have had a go on the slide. I'm sure she would have loved it, and then she wouldn't have shouted at her children.
Don't, don't slide down, shoot, sniff. They're too afraid of looking silly.
Oh, oh, Papa. Oh, I'm very sorry, Moomin, but don't worry, I'll fix it. It is nothing much broken.
What happened, my dear? Well, I thought it had been such a long time since I'd been on the slide that I'd have a go.
I didn't think I'd be too heavy for it. I know. When we mend it, why don't we make it strong enough for me and Mama to play on as well? I think she'd like that.
That's a good idea, Papa, but we want to use it too.
And that's a cool idea. I just try it out, now and again.
I want you to stay here while I'm out. What if somebody asks us to play?
What do you mean? Play. I hope you're not thinking of the Moomins, are you?
I don't want you mixing with those noisy children ever again. Do you hear me?
Where are you going, mother? To look for another house. It was a terrible mistake coming to Moomin Valley.
Look, there's Mrs. Philly drunk. Good afternoon. Please stay away from my children.
Oh, but why? We thought they might like to come and have an adventure with us.
Oh, never mind. Let's go.
Hey, hang on a minute.
Oh, you're Tarsam.
I can't see. It's too late for you now, snap.
Oh, no, not the hungry crocodile at the bottom of the courtyard.
We should have brought the Philly Junks with us. But Moomin missed his Philly Junks.
We need looked older. Have you been killed and eaten yet, Sniff?
No, I fell on top of the crocodile and knocked him out and then swam.
Sniff, but I thought you couldn't swim.
On your own business.
Hey, that looks like the Philly Junks.
Why don't they come over here?
I bet their mother told them not to talk to us. See if I care you.
Hey, what are you doing? Why aren't you playing with Moomin and the others?
I don't think they want to play with us.
They didn't call for us when they went past.
Stinky's arrived and wonder what he's doing here.
I bet you it's no fun stuck in that garden.
No, we'd rather be out here playing.
Well, I know somewhere much better than Moomin's. It's a great place to play.
Do you?
Yes, would I lie to you? It's a bit of a way off, but it'll be really exciting and lots of fun so do you want to come or not.
Well, it is a bit boring here.
Yes, very.
Oh, do you really think they don't want to play with us? Doesn't it look like it?
Your brother's absolutely right, so come on if you're coming because I can't wait.
What stinky up to? I don't trust him.
Okay, now this is the place I told you about. Good, isn't it?
Now, if you hang on to that rope, you can swing over to the other side and back again.
Don't worry, it's quite safe.
That's great. I've never been anywhere like this.
A bit frightening.
Without the thrill, where's the fun?
You need a bit of danger to spice it up.
Gee, Willikers, it looks like the other side is higher than this side.
Yes, I bet. It's all right. You just have to put your legs up, that's all.
Who wants to go first?
I've got it. Why don't you all go together?
What? The three of us?
See, this way you won't feel so scared, will you?
No, not together.
Well, why don't you go one at a time then? That way it's always more fun.
Can you do it, Stinky?
Don't be silly. Of course I can. I do it all at a time. One of the things I'm best at.
Even if I do say so myself.
So, why don't you show us, Stinky?
Move him!
I didn't know you were such a rope, Stinky. I'm sure he didn't either.
So, this is your usual place, isn't it?
Well, sort of.
You know something. If you hadn't said that you'd done this lots of times,
I wouldn't have believed that I could have done it myself.
Come on, Stinky. Show us how you do it.
If you go first, I'll be second.
No, it's all right. You can go first, Mom.
But I want to see how it's done. Then throw me the rope and I'll follow.
Now, tell the truth. You've never done it. Have you, Stinky?
Of course I've done it, stupid.
Now, come on. Come on. Don't be such a spoiled sport.
We're all here waiting to cheer you on.
All right, everybody. I give you the brave, involved Tarzan, Stinky.
Are you watching?
Are you ready, Stinky?
A big cheer, everyone.
Ready?
Oh, Stinky, my big brave here. Oh, jump!
Well, go on. We're all waiting for you, Stinky.
Come on, Stinky. Show us how it's done.
Come on, Stinky.
Yeah!
Oh, so this is how you've done it lots of times before, is it?
Yes, the rope must have shrunk.
He was trying to fool you. It was a dangerous game.
And he knew very well it couldn't be done.
I didn't.
Now, why don't you come with us and play properly?
You're gonna be Tarzan as long as you like.
And when you get tired, just let go of the rope. All right, Stinky?
Come on, Stinky.
You can't just leave me.
You're a fox.
And isn't fair, please help. Don't leave me here.
Yeah!
But Stinky was left on his own to decide whether to climb up the rope or drop into the river.
And the filajong children had more fun than they'd ever had before.
But they didn't get home until very late in the evening.
Bye, we'll see you tomorrow.
Okay, mommy.
Bye, Momen.
Bye-bye.
Oh, my dear children, I told you to stay at home.
What earth have you been? Where have you been?
With movement of the others.
They kidnapped you, did they?
No, we've been playing with them.
Well, you can just forget about the movements we're moving out as soon as we possibly can.
Moving, mother?
Yes, right away from this valley.
This is no place for a spotless and well-ordered home.
What's the matter?
No, we don't want to move.
We want to stay, mother.
Movement house is nice and dusty.
We want to stay in the movement valley forever.
Oh, please, mother, we love it here.
Oh, after all I've done for you children.
And my experience children usually get what they want.
It was for me.
I was for me.
I'm for you, I'm for you.
My dear ones.
I'm for you.
And that was how Phila Junk and her three children got married.
And that was how Phila Junk and her three children got married.
John and her three children became permanent residents of
Mumen Valley.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to Mumenland.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
For a whole week, snorkew maiden had been curled up on the sofa, reading fairy tales.
It's a lovely day.
Last Mumen has persuaded her to come out for a walk in the lonely mountains.
Oh, it's beautiful up here.
Aren't you glad you came now?
This is much better than fairy tales, isn't it snorkew maiden?
Oh, look, Mumen.
It's Adelweis.
Adelweis?
No, it isn't.
That doesn't grow here at all.
I'm sure it is.
I know what it looks like.
I'm sorry, but it's not.
Oh, it's just like in Heidi.
No, it's not.
It's just a Daisy.
Oh, come on.
I want to pick it.
Oh, no, it's too dangerous.
I know then.
You can do it.
You're my boyfriend, aren't you, Mumen?
Well, I suppose we could climb down there, but I promise you it's not Adelweis.
That only grows in the Alps and there are hundreds of miles away.
I know it's Adelweis.
Be careful.
They don't care about danger in fairy tales.
That's why they call them fairy tales, silly.
Fair Princess, please accept this, my humble offering.
Thank you, Brave Knight.
You were right, Mumen.
This isn't Adelweis.
See, I told you.
It's going to be hard to get down from here, you know?
Can't we go back the way we came?
Well, I think it'll be easier to try to get to that path.
If you say so.
It's nearer anyway.
And better than going up.
I'm surprised you're such a good climber.
Oh, Royalty is good at practically everything.
It's not made of.
It's not made of.
It's not made of.
It's not made of.
Let me see six pebbles.
What was that?
A giant snowball?
It can't be.
It isn't winter.
Oh, well, nothing of interest to me.
Now, where was I?
We start handling.
Has snort maiden just gone past you?
Snort maiden.
No, all I've seen going past is a very large snowball.
That was snort maiden.
But she's not made of snow.
Stop!
Snort maiden!
Stop!
Snort maiden.
Snort maiden.
Snort maiden.
Oh, praise the booble.
She's still breathing.
She's just knocked her so out.
Oh, Mum and what's happened to her?
She's unconscious.
Oh, what are you trying to do?
I want to get her home to Mama.
Oh, difficult.
She should lose a bit of weight.
Perhaps she'd come around if we splashed cold water in her face.
Oh, there's nothing to fetch it in.
Ah, if you cut some bark off a tree trunk, you could make a small container.
What a good idea.
If you stay here, I'll go and do that.
Wake up, snort maiden.
Oh, that's cold.
Has she come around yet, Mr. Himulet?
No.
Okay.
Oh, good.
It's working.
How are you feeling, snort maiden?
Are you alright, snort maiden?
Where am I?
We're still up in Lonely Mountains.
Who am I?
Why Royal Highness the Princess of Lonely Mountains?
What?
A Princess?
Oh, yes.
Of course.
And who are you?
I am the Prince of Lonely Mountains.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
With that ridiculous shape?
Ha.
No.
A gesture, perhaps.
You want?
You there.
Do not laugh.
I think the poor girl must have lost her memory.
Of course not.
She's just pretending.
When does not whisper with royalty present.
Do you hear?
So sorry, Royal Highness.
A poor crafters cabin.
This is your castle, ma'am.
Royalty doesn't live in shacks.
Snort maiden.
Stop calling us that.
It's very rude.
Oh, forgive me.
Our royal castle is elsewhere.
Is it not?
What?
That must be hunting lodge.
No, of course.
That's what it is.
Good.
We accept that.
Are you two going to tell me what you're so busy looking at?
Send a maid to my room, my good man.
A maid.
My good man.
Papa, have you seen Snort maiden?
Yes, up there.
Mama, please would you go on have a word with Snort maiden?
Have you been quarreling?
Oh, no.
It's just that she fell and banged her head,
and now she thinks she's a royal princess.
What?
Ah, Nanette, come here, please.
Nanette, I'm Boomin, Mama.
Oh, we're too wary for your foolish jokes, girl.
Oh, we are very tired indeed, Nanette.
Please bring our silk nightie
with the hand embroidered swans and clowns.
Then you may go.
I wish you, Mama.
All right, I'm sure.
But she seems convinced she's a princess.
Sounds as if it's dangerous, doesn't it, Mama?
Oh, I don't think so.
I was only joking when I called her a princess.
I'm very glad you didn't call her an opera singer.
It's Snort maiden asleep now?
Oh, yes.
In a night gown with crowns and swans embroidered on it.
And another thing, Boomin, she wants a canopy put up immediately.
What's that?
Oh, a fancy cover over the bed that's draped in silks,
silvers and tassels.
Oh.
She was very upset because there wasn't one there already.
It might be necessary.
Her memory could have come back by the time she wakes up.
Why don't we wait and see?
She might be fine after a rest.
I sure hope so.
But what do we do if it hasn't come back?
Let's think about that if it happens.
We might not have to build that canopy.
Let me try it.
John, what?
To get Snort maiden's memory back, what else?
Oh, how?
Well, I think that if she sees me, she'll remember me
and then she'll remember everything else, too.
Don't be silly little mind.
If she doesn't remember me, why should you remember you, eh?
Simple, because I'm unforgettable.
There is that, I suppose.
She's still fast asleep.
Well, I'm glad we made the canopy anyway.
It looks really great, doesn't it?
Oh, look, she's opening her eyes.
Are you awake?
Get up, Snort maiden.
Come on.
Let's go down to the beach.
And who is that person?
Come on, you remember me.
I warn you with you, though you'll be sorry.
Oh, quite amusing.
Ah, so you remember me now?
Of course we do.
There you are, I told you.
Who am I then?
Well, you're another court jester.
Of course.
Don't be little lie.
Court jester.
Oh, very funny.
She's a better clown than the other one.
You can perform at our wedding.
You're a wedding.
Hmm.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, why?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hi, stinky.
What are you doing here?
Moments asked me to come over to Moments House
and propose to some princess.
Moments lost his marbles as well then.
I think he wanted Stinky as a contrast.
You what?
You mean to tell me you're both my rivals for the hands of the royal princess?
Well, it's not very original, but in order to win the princess,
and have her kingdom, Stinky, you'll need to solve three riddles.
Hey, that's great! What's this kingdom like?
All right, sooner number one, you may now enter.
Oh, that's me.
Oh!
Oh, hi, princess! How are you doing?
Jester, is this man a suitor?
He is.
I fear he does not treat us with respect.
Forgive him, your highness.
He is from a foreign land.
And does not know the ways of your kingdom.
Hmm.
Well, all right, very well.
Here is the first riddle. Are you ready?
Are you awake?
Now then, listen, what is it that is yellow?
Has four legs and sings?
Oh, dear. And unusual, canary?
With four legs, you nincomboop.
I don't know any birds with four legs.
Who said it was a bird?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Who said it was a bird?
All right, then. What's the answer, snark baby?
He shows no respect.
Throw him into a dungeon and give him no food.
You're highness.
He is temporarily out of his mind after the long journey here.
Hang on. I'm not out of my mind.
God, up she is.
How so what's the answer? That's what I want to know.
Silence. It does not concern you.
We believe you to be of lowly birth.
Sorry about this, napkin.
Don't worry.
Hmm, no, sir Gellad, but not bad.
I am honored to be here, your royal highness.
He'll do.
An easy riddle to start.
Here it is.
First, what is the number of which we think?
Take your time.
Two?
For a faux-galat night, that is correct.
Now listen, what is the word upon our mind?
Love.
That's amazing.
Truly, the suitor has brains as well as looks.
Question three.
There are two numbers on our mind.
What do they add up to?
Answer carefully for it.
Could unlock your princess's heart.
Twenty-one.
Oh, was that right, too?
Oh no, it was twenty-two.
My heart is heavy.
For chance we should have said it was correct.
He was rather cute.
Was he not just her?
It's your turn now, stinky.
Well, I suppose that even half of Snort Toss would be something.
Think she'll ever get her memory back?
Of course she will.
This is not our idea of a suitor.
His heart is aching for you, your royal highness.
Ah, let it ache.
Oh, alright.
I'll give him a chance.
Here is a question number one.
What is the number we are thinking of?
Well, of all our stupid questions.
We haven't all day.
Oh, well, four.
Indeed not.
It is three million five hundred ninety-eight thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.
Be gone out.
Hey, Snort Toss, that's not fair.
What fruit is up with his hands?
It's not fair, right?
It's not fair, right?
Go home.
Give me another one I want after.
Oh, what a rude suitor.
We are no longer in the mood for royal marriage, Jester.
At least not today.
A wise decision.
A princess of the lonely mountains.
They will be prostrated with grief,
but bid the other suitors to go home.
Do not let them beg.
We would not like that.
Very well, your royal highness.
Do it kindly.
We wish them no pain at all.
From this day on, we shall devote ourselves to good works
and to the well-being of our people.
Oh.
You know, I didn't want to marry you anyway.
Wonder what Snort Maiden's up to now?
Upstairs thinking.
She says she'll devote her life to good works.
Work? What works?
I don't know, but she probably wants to be remembered in the history books.
The princess who was adored by her subjects.
Oh, she's coming down.
Your royal highness.
May I assist you?
Send the net to us.
She is on an errand, your highness.
Then have someone else make soup, nourishing but not too rich.
Soup, highness?
Yes indeed.
And then we shall take it to our poor subjects ourselves.
What kind of soup?
We don't know.
We eat.
We don't cook.
The poor will be happy with anything brought by the princess herself.
Now hurry, ma'am.
Be quick about it.
No, she wants some soup.
This will be ample.
The poor do not eat much.
It would only make the meal.
I don't know anyone poor around here, your majesty.
Nonsense.
One, two, one, two, one.
Greetings, jester.
What now?
We're taking soup to the poor.
Made with our own regal fingers.
Do you know where they are, jester?
Your fingers?
Oh, I know.
Good, wonderful.
Take us to them now.
They will be so grateful.
You back princess.
That house there.
Oh yes.
It's nice to know that the poor and my kingdom are so well off.
Oh you, please come over here.
Hmm?
Will you?
I'm the princess of Lonely Mountain.
Princess?
Oh!
What moment you're all highness?
Do not keep us waiting.
We have a lot to do.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
Forgive me you're all highness.
I had no idea you were.
My, my, smart maiden.
That common name again.
We are princess.
Little sticks.
You're not right in the head.
Coming here bothering your elders and betters like this.
My betters?
Oh!
Are you the queen then?
Hmm?
I am Mrs. Philly Johnk.
Now what do you want?
You're just fulfilling our royal duty, bringing soup to the poor.
Giving cheer to those less fortunate that ourselves.
Here my good woman.
Now if you just pour.
Oh there you call me, poor.
You who doesn't have a stitch of clothing to your name.
Oh!
The rich aroma of the soup must have overcome you Mrs. Philly Johnk.
Ah!
Eat it yourself your majesty.
Ah!
This is how I treason.
Send for the guard.
Take her to the tower.
Oh!
Oh!
We cannot see.
I'm afraid that serves you right, snork maiden.
Snork maiden!
Don't use that common name.
Help us.
We cannot see.
Please stand still.
Your royal highness.
Oh hold a moment.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I think it's stuck moment.
Use the handle.
Ah!
Stop!
You're hurting me.
Right, I'll get it on.
Out of the way.
Ah!
Wait a minute.
You can't break that soup, Turin.
It's a family heirloom.
And you mustn't hit snork maiden on the head.
You might hurt her.
Stop falling around and get this thing off will you?
All right.
Oh!
Of course, smart maiden.
You didn't have to hit her that hard.
Difficult to judge it with a broom.
I've never hit anyone wearing a soup, Turin, before.
You will write your royal highness.
Oh, forgive us, your royal highness.
Sprinkle some cold water over her face.
No, she'd hate that, mama.
Snork maiden.
Ah, it's no good, woman.
I don't think she'll wake up to anything but your royal highness.
Your highness.
Your highness!
Your highness!
Your highness!
Snork maiden.
Oh, I'm so glad your royal highness is with us again.
I hope your royal highness is not badly hurt.
Oh...
Where am I?
In moment, Valley, of course, stupid.
Where do you think?
That's weird.
I thought, moment, and I had gone for a walk in the lonely mountains.
Didn't we, moment?
Huh?
Do you remember who I am, Snork maiden?
Moment.
What are you talking about, of course I do.
And you don't think you're a princess anymore?
Princess?
Have you gone crazy or something?
What princess?
What do you mean, moment?
Hooray!
She's back to normal.
Snork maiden's back to normal.
Yes, it's nice to have you back again.
Yes, it's wonderful.
Welcome home.
What is?
What's wonderful?
Have you all gone loopy or something?
Never mind, Snork maiden.
Ha ha, you bumped your head, that's all.
And so Snork maiden's brief spell as a royal princess came to an end.
Except that she was the only one who didn't remember it.
But everyone else in moment Valley breathed a sigh of relief.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the romance.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There was the movements.
There was the movements.
There was the movements.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da dat da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
However, we do know that they don't look like this because this is Sniff, one of Moonman's friends.
So it looks as though the rumor was right.
Oh, what rumor was that?
That we were about to be invaded by aliens from outer space.
Oh, dear, do you mean that thing that was chasing me might have been one of them?
Well, yes.
I thought they were just after me.
I wouldn't have thought you'd have been that important to them Sniff, but I suppose you never know, do you?
It says here in this book that aliens from outer space are very civilized and peace-loving and would never want to invade us.
It seemed as though they're quite happy where they are.
I do, it's not a very scientific book.
Well, it was definitely attacking me, Mom and Papa, I know it was.
Well, it might have been a civilization from another planet, Sniff.
They were just hungry.
Well, the inspector told me that he thought we were being invaded by aliens, and he shouldn't know.
I'm sure he's exaggerating.
I wonder what they look like.
Why don't you come and help me in the garden?
You never know, we might see one.
Mama, wait for me!
Mama, what's that?
Well, I would say it's not a vegetable, that's for sure.
It looks like a flying saucer.
I wonder if there are any aliens in it.
They might be heard, Mama.
Let's have a look.
I think there's something there.
This looks odd.
I wonder what it is.
It's a bit like a radio, isn't it?
Oh yeah, an alien radio.
Do you think there's anyone in there moving?
Anybody there?
It seems to have been deserted.
There's a funny noise coming from it.
Well, it doesn't look to me like it could fly again.
It could be repaired.
You'd need to know about flying saucers.
Papa could do it?
I don't think flying saucers should make that sort of noise.
Do you, woman?
I don't think so, but I don't know very much about them.
It does seem a bit odd as if they've said it to be blown up
so that no one would be able to steal it
because they want to keep the design a secret.
Do you think it will?
Oh!
I'm not sure, Mama, but let's get away in case it does explode.
That's why it's empty, but I wish it hadn't landed in the Asparagus patch.
I'll take the radio with me.
It won't be too long now, Mama.
No, it won't.
It won't be long, then.
It's vanished.
Bless my soul.
Papa's book said they could be a very advanced life form.
There's nothing to show it was ever here,
except the hole in the ground, and this radio thing.
Hmm.
Is it a radio, Papa?
I don't know. It looks a bit like one.
Let's try pressing one of these buttons.
The red one first, I think.
Oh!
Papa, where have you gone?
Well, I'm right here, Boomin.
I wonder what happens if I press this one.
Well, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I can't see you either, dear.
What?
Oh, I see.
So if you press the red button, you'll become invisible.
What a fascinating machine.
Papa, I think I'd rather see you, dear.
Well, of course you would.
Well, then let's try the yellow one.
I think. Can you see me now?
No, Papa.
Oh, that's odd.
Do you want me to try, Papa?
Please, Mama.
There, that's it.
Oh, Papa.
Oh, that's a very dangerous machine.
I don't want to disappear ever again.
It's not a nice experience.
No, dear. I didn't like you vanishing like that.
We must put it somewhere safe, Mama, where the children can't find it.
Yes, dear.
What?
Moment!
Snork maiden, what an earth's the matter.
We found a strange creature.
Strange creature?
I think it's an alien.
Does it look like a jellyfish?
No, not at all.
Little mice keeping an eye on it. Come on!
Where are you going, Moment, Papa?
Going me, I don't know, Especial.
Moving mama, hang on.
I've got a few questions for you.
Really, Inspector?
I was told that a flying saucer
had landed in your garden, but all I can see is a big hole.
Where is it?
What have you done with the saucer?
Nothing.
Well, where is it?
It's not there now.
It was there, but then it just vanished.
Vanished?
Yes, that's right.
When you say vanish, do you mean it flew away again?
No, it just went, woof, gone.
Moments are it, too.
That's very odd.
Yes, it was.
Did you see any aliens on board by any chance?
No.
Are you telling me the truth?
Of course.
Why should I lie to you?
Well, I can't.
Think of any reason.
I'm sorry, but it's upsetting aliens
invading Moment Valley.
Yes, it is.
Can we go now?
Certainly.
Where are you all going, by the way?
Oh, only to the beach to collect shells.
See you, Inspector.
Collecting shells, indeed, while I'm hunting for aliens.
Ah, over here!
Ah, ah!
Ah, ah!
Ah, ah!
Do you know what I'm doing?
Ah, ah, ah!
Is that an alien?
It certainly is, but not like it says in the book.
Have you tried talking to it?
Yes, but it wouldn't answer.
Well, let me try.
Are you from outer space?
Go show what, Lee.
What, Lee, do I see Duckidackadale in Dublin?
Yes, Lee, do I see Duckidackadale?
I've never been.
It looks like an alien child to me.
More like a lamp.
Poor thing.
He must be hungry.
Let's take him home.
Yeah, well, we don't want the inspector to see him.
That is nothing.
It's not under a bottle of love.
I'm sorry we can't understand you, but I'm sure you'll like milk, even if you don't
speak English.
Just try it and see.
I think he's missing his home.
Wherever in the universe that might be.
I wonder where his parents are.
He can't have come on his own.
He seems far too little for that.
Well, I don't know.
But he's obviously missing him, and he seems very unhappy.
Do you think the inspector would really arrest him, Owen Papa?
Possibly.
He would think it is duty.
Well, that would be horrible of him.
I know.
Don't touch me.
Don't touch me.
Oh, it's inspector.
Oh, dear.
He mustn't find him here.
And he's got stinky with him.
No, stinky.
Well, that means trouble.
Quick.
He can hide in the kitchen.
We got to do something.
And quickly.
I know what to do.
What, Mama?
We'll use the machine.
Oh, yeah.
We'll just keep him out of sight.
Now, then, this one, right?
Oh, dear.
I think they're here.
Oh, moving Papa.
I heard there was an alien here with what?
What's happening?
What's happened to me?
Goodness, inspector.
You're very shiny.
Oh, dear.
Yes.
How very, very strange.
You look like a great big glow worm.
An inspector in shining armor, you mean, little my?
That's just what I thought.
You will never need a lamp to be seen, inspector.
I like it.
Criminals will be afraid of me.
I can't wait to get back to the station and show the constables.
Handy for reading in bed, too.
Well, duty calls.
Bye.
What are you doing?
I didn't know that the machine was still working.
Oh, you can speak English.
Of course I can.
It's just that I need my language converted to help me to translate.
And if you hadn't taken it from my ship and hidden it,
I would have been able to talk sooner.
That's a good way to learn, isn't it?
Where are you going?
To see that nice shiny man.
But he'll arrest you.
He came here looking for you, but he forgot about it
when the machine started him glowing.
No, don't go there.
Hey, wait.
I love that lint of shimmer.
It's just like, oh, it makes me feel really safe.
Hello, hello, inspector.
Yes, what is it?
Take me with you.
What?
Oh, you're so bright and beautiful inspector.
Oh, you think so?
Hello, everyone, shimmers like that.
Everyone.
Well, that must be very nice for them.
I want to pose you, please.
I'm sorry, I'm too busy, but it was nice talking to you.
You see, the aliens have invaded Movement Valley,
and I must find them.
Oh, I just remembered.
I was tipped off that there was one of them in Moomin House.
Oh.
The inspector's coming back.
What about the alien?
He's running after him.
Has he been handcuffed, Moomin?
I don't think so.
Open up in the name of the law, Moomin Papa.
Certainly for you, inspector.
Come on in.
You're very welcome.
Moomin Papa, I have information from a reliable source
while sort of reliable that you have been harping
a fugitive.
I'm sorry.
In other words, I believe you have been hiding an alien here.
Oh, inspector, I don't think hiding is the right word.
That suggests we are trying to keep something from you.
Well, Moomin?
Would we do that, inspector?
That stinky is tricked me again.
Isn't it lucky he didn't find you?
I want a nice inspector.
Look, how many times must I tell you?
He'll lock you up in an nasty cell.
I like him.
I want to see him.
No, don't.
Perhaps if we press the yellow button, he'll stop shining.
Good idea, Papa.
Be quick, Mama.
The yellow button.
Here goes.
You don't want him now that he stopped shining.
Do you, little fella?
Let's go home, man.
Moomin, Mama, come and look.
We've saved the alien.
Moomin, Mama, the inspector's not glowing anymore.
Isn't that something?
Mama.
Mama.
Where are you, man?
I'm here.
Hey, what?
Where are you, Mama?
Well, Mama.
Right here.
Mama.
Oh, no.
What's happened to you?
I don't know.
Probably that machine again.
Oh, so it shrinks you as well as making you invisible, does it?
Well, well.
Oh, dear.
I need an apron.
Papa, can you get a handkerchief from my handbag?
You really are quite small.
That you look very cute, of course, Mama.
Would you like to stay like that for a while?
No, but I would not.
Push another button quickly before anyone sees me.
Go on now.
Hurry up, Papa.
Yeah.
Oh, dear.
What's up?
The machine's gone.
Hey, you!
Taking it back!
Papa.
Don't worry, Mama.
I'll get it back.
Look, not that way.
Stop him, Moments.
Stop him.
He stole the machine.
We'll get him, Papa.
Hey, Sniff.
Sniff.
Don't let Steve keep getting away.
Right.
Inventory!
Please let me pass, Sniff.
I'll give you a gold stopper.
A gold stopper?
I mean, free.
No, no, five.
Five?
No.
Give me the machine, Stinky.
Where is it, Moments?
What's happened to the machine?
It's at the bottom of the river, Papa.
Oh, poor Mama. Poor Mama.
What's wrong with her?
Well, she needs the machine to get back to normal.
Normal?
Well, at least this is a chance to do some really fine embroidery.
Don't worry, Mama.
I promise we'll look after you.
It's all right, Moomin.
I'll manage.
I'll have to get some smaller pots and pans, though,
and we'll have to have smaller helpings.
But that might be a bad idea.
Oh.
Here.
Here.
Mama, Papa.
It's like the one we saw in the garden.
Mama, Papa.
Oh, my God.
This is a very bad idea.
Hey, I'm sorry, Mama.
I'm sorry, Mama.
I'm sorry, Mama.
Mama, Papa.
I'm sorry, Mama.
I'm sorry, Mama.
We'll go grow up like broccoli grew.
My parents, we still thank you for looking after me.
But, I faced with a very very...
They're telling you all, aren't they?
Yes, because I took a flying saucer.
Look, would you ask your parents to make mama a normal size again?
Yes, of course.
Fiddler grassly grassly girl.
Don't bring him.
Oh, that's more like it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, dear, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, stop, it's too much!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry, but could you try again please?
I know, the more a mama there is, the better what you're getting very large, very large indeed.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
So movement valley hadn't really been invaded at all and the movements and the
friends that found out were aliens really looked like
happy and always at play the movements are having fun day after day the
movements the movements they love the laughter and they love the living the
movements believing and sharing and caring and giving the movements
they're always happy and goes at play the movements are having fun day after day the
movements the movements the movements
here they are for one and all the movements are about to come on and sit down here with me
therefore you want your TV they are the movements they are the movements so come with me give me your
hand I'll take you up to a movement land you can fly just like a bird sing that song ever there
with the movements there were the movements there were the movements there were the movements
there were the movements there were the movements there were the movements there were the movements
movement valley is enjoying another still peaceful summer's day however this lazy lifestyle no
matter how pleasant it might be does not suit everyone oh yes would you like a cup of coffee
dear yes I think I need one mama oh dear is it your memoirs I'm stuck ah can I help how can I
create in this in what in this sleepy atmosphere I've also come to a boring part when was that the time
I wrote poems were they any good no well miss that bit out then I can't I must put it down for
posterity it is my duty but how can I get inspiration here in this place when nothing ever happens
nothing ever happens at all oh I think this means another adventure yes mama that I need it to be
big exciting and frightening mama what's the matter are you all right your father says that
because nothing ever happens here he can't write so I'm looking for an adventure for him can you
think of anything he wants it to be big exciting and frightening does he want something really exciting
yes dear I'm afraid so I think I could manage that
that looks like the footprint of a huge monster
oh it's a good feeling giving others a bit of excitement
hey hey hey hey hey hey just a couple more yeah hey I'm praise the booboo I don't have to
the modest work very often yeah that was harder than I thought
oh sleepy hands wake up everybody moment papa quickly get up moment mama a monster you've been
visited by a monster wake up before you eat in a line come on hurry hurry my what huge tracks
that's to keep them guessing for a while
hmm it could be a monster from the depths of the ocean
something's not right here don't you think it's a bit odd that it came directly to move
well look at the footsteps they go in a straight line
someone must have told it to go to a moment house
and they're only going one way look there are tiny footsteps going back to the sea
oh now that the monster must still be here then oh well not necessarily
retracing one's own footsteps is the sign of an advanced intelligence stepping back exactly
the way you came the tough question is why would the monster do that one is led to believe that
it wants us to think it's still here when in fact it has gone back to wherever it came from
fiddle battle is my dear mother would say but why would it want us to think that papa it's a spy
oh it's a spy something it shouldn't it is hardly be a good spy if we knew they have to sneak in
and out I think it's still here I can feel it you know what I mean perhaps tonight tonight what
about tonight that's when they'll attack it's gone back to give its report how do you know that
papa well obviously that's why it still wants us to believe it's here yes what is it moving
something terrible is going to happen a monster is going to attack us tonight and papa's excited
about it oh good that's nice for him hurry everyone I expect the monster will be here soon
now hold it still this is going to be a good barricade don't you think
we'd better make sure it's big enough it's hardly any fun the tall playing tricks on them they're so
gullible if we catch the monster we can sell it to a zoo I'll handle the sale of course I'd rather
tame it and keep it as a pet well you could ride on it to go pigni-king
right now for the moat here we go hope the wells got enough water in it
it'll be able to swim in this papa yes it'll remind you to the sea and keep it calm
this is fresh water papa we'd better put some salt in it good idea moment we'll plant some seaweed
and put some rocks in too and then it'll feel really at home I wonder when it'll come
I don't know but I can feel in my bones it'll be tonight and we keep watch until it comes
of course we will constantly what if it doesn't come until tomorrow night or the night after that
it might be a long wait so we'll take it in turns and remember everybody the safety of
Moomin Valley relies upon our vigilance we must be ready
huh look at what those fools have done it was worth all the trouble
look they put down food his bait Moomin papa must be worn out well I'll take the food anyway
carefully does it don't want to wake up the guard this is great I've managed to play a really
good trick on the stoop with Moomin's and they've given me a slap up meal as well
well well well the monsters here shut the gate
ah there's the rope quickly
now it's only me make room I'll get it there's no monster only me please it's me it's me stinky
stinky well it sounds like stinky be careful everybody it's a baby monster another monster
please help me I made the footprints you did he's obviously lying he's too small watch him or he'll
go get his daddy no please I beg you ah Moomin papa oh hello snuffkin why don't you let stinky go
it really is him you know it is yes it was stinky and he really did make those footprints
how do you know that snuffkin I was fishing off the shore last night when I saw him digging the holes
the little rascal was added for hours and hours
why don't you come inside stinky this is great it was very good of you to make the footprints papa
hasn't had so much fun at ages I'm glad it was hard work and I lost all my hair too well mischief
isn't always easy you know you can say that again this is delicious
ah
papa are you all right oh yes thank you Moomin
mama yes dear shh I've got something important to tell you what is it papa
a secret in my mind is made up of course dear I'm going to run away on an adventure trip
that's nice for you it's a trip without a destination full of mystery
hazards and hardships and you're coming to mama oh splendid shall we take all the children
or just Moomin no no children that would be the same as here only somewhere else we'll run away
run away Moomin papa I'll be an adventurer again just as I was in my last youth and with you
by my side we'll have adventure romance all we desire the sun the stars but what about
Moomin he'll be frantic you won't and it's time he learned to stand on his own feet fan
for himself become a man we can't protect him forever you know he's big enough to be left by
himself
I'm on mama oh just a moment papa we can't take anything more with us no I know but I forgot
to write down where the sugar is if they can't find it they'll just have to do without
but then they won't be able to make cakes and the tea will taste awful oh and they'll never find
this cinnamon on them where shall I leave it goodness mama cinnamon I ask you when the unknown
is calling to us I should have gone on my own indeed I should but then what good is an adventure
when you can't say who that was a close shave to someone after is there anything wrong papa
no everything is fine but we must leave before dawn all right we have a long way to go how far
and where it's very dark you know yes isn't it we'll just follow our feet and they say this way
oh
good morning mama mama where are you
what's the matter movement my parents are missing are you sure of course I'm sure
that's a bit of a problem I'm getting hungry I need my breakfast I have to start the day with a
good meal I'm starving me too don't worry movement I'm sure that movement mama and
movement papa will be back home very soon but worker they have gone too soon enough kid no idea
have they left a note have you had your breakfast yet movement no nothing it's not the shame
without mama cheer up movement you can have this fish and I'll come up to movement house and cook
it especially for you if you like thanks enough kin but there are two cooks they're already
little my and sniff are both trying to cook I bet it's great there's lots delicious things
I want to try out where are we papa no idea mama too dark to see anything at all
we've been gone for hours I think it should have been light by now oh dear we have to face it I'm
afraid we're lost I'm sorry mama but there it is oh what do you mean well in the dark we must
have wandered into some caves who knows how many different tunnels we took it could be weeks
before we find oh boy little my it's burning mind your own business I might like for food it's
very nutritious watch your own cooking it couldn't be any worse than the last lot you made for us
huh I wonder where movement is he likes my food I'll get him to try it he can try mine first now
that I practice it'll be perfect moment I've got something for you
no
mma
what
What was that?
Mum and Papa, wake up!
Mum and Papa?
Oh!
It tastes brackish!
We must be quite near the sea.
That's a big one.
Gotcha!
Momen, momen, where are you so far from home?
Mum, at last!
Look, I've got a big fish!
Come and help me quickly!
Don't let it get away!
I've never seen such a big fish movement!
Just wait till Papa sees it!
Oh, yes.
Mumen, Papa, this looks familiar.
It's Mumen Valley, isn't it?
Of course it is, just outside the cave!
Oh dear.
I'm afraid that your father will be a bit disappointed.
Where is he then?
Well...
He's gone, looking for adventure.
Adventure? Where?
I don't really know.
Somewhere.
I could have gone with him.
When's he coming home?
I'm afraid I don't know that either.
You know Papa, tonight, tomorrow night.
Next Christmas?
Your guess is as good as mine, Mumen.
Wow! I bet he's having a great adventure right now!
Hey, Mumma?
Mumma?
Hello, where are you?
Oh, the cave dwellers must have her.
Oh, Mumma.
Mumma!
Mumma!
Can you hear me?
Oh!
Goodness, the sea.
Oh, this looks like...
Oh, it gets... oh, dear.
Terry, me, I don't...
Oh, well...
Oh, my!
Oh, you see?
It might be the...
Yes, it is.
Oh, yeah, of course.
Hellio, me.
Oh, look! Look, it's Papa!
Papa's back, everyone!
Uh-huh.
Hey, Papa!
Ah, well...
I'm back.
I'm so pleased to see you again.
Thank you, Mumma.
Papa, how was your adventure?
Uh, unexpected.
Yes, that's what I'd say.
Unexpected. Any food.
Oh, yes. You can try mine first, Mumen, Papa.
Oh, mine's the best. Try mine, Papa.
Oh, that's good. I'm starving.
Tell us about your adventure.
I love you.
I love you.
Were you an immortal danger? Did you eat any rats?
Yeah, I am.
Suppose there's adventure.
I don't think Papa wants to talk about his adventure yet.
Maybe later.
And that was the end of Mumma and Papa's adventure.
They didn't get far, but then you don't have to sometimes for things to happen.
Or at least for you to think they're happening.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
Therefore you want your TV.
They are the movements.
So come with me.
Give me your hand.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing the best song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
It was the end of summer, but still every day seemed harder than the last.
The movement valley had no rain for weeks, and finally the river had dried up.
Papa says this weather is a catastrophe snuffing.
But it is.
He says the movement valley will turn into a desert if it carries on.
Papa can't ever remember it so hot, even the river has dried up.
No, that does worry me.
I can't fish anymore.
The travels I found that droughts like this are always followed by a real heavy downpour.
Well, it's too hot for me anyway.
Oh, it's so hot I can't think.
I can, I can always think of something.
Well, well, even the weeds are wilting.
The sea never dries up, does it?
Of course not stupid wherever the fish go.
I'm going swimming.
Here you are.
Watch this.
Look at that.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ouch, that hurt.
What's this stupid box doing here?
I think it's floated from foreign lands.
What's it got in it?
Perhaps it's full of priceless jewels.
No, it wouldn't float so high in the water if it was.
A tiara packed in wood shavings.
I could use a new comb too.
What have you found you too?
It's a treasure.
No, we don't think so.
It's not heavy enough.
But you never know, Snork Maiden.
Let's open it and see.
Come on, Slays, push me a shore.
Perhaps it's gold nuggets in here.
Our diamonds are something to eat.
Ah!
What is this?
Seeds maybe.
What sort of seeds?
Hmm.
Well, at first glance I'd say they might be tropical plants.
Oh, really?
What plants are tropical?
It's like banana or mango.
Banana and mango.
Well, I haven't done a lot of research on tropical plants so I can't be sure,
but they do look like it.
I know, Mama. Why don't we plant them?
Good idea, woman.
The thing is, we don't have a tropical climate.
I'm afraid they wouldn't grow here at all.
Let's plant them, shall we?
They won't bear any fruit, so don't get too excited.
Oh, well, it seems tropical enough to me, Mr. Hanuman.
At least we can try, can't we?
I want to see what papaya looks like and ugly fruit.
I want mangoes growing all around my bedroom window.
Let's plant them, shall we?
I tell you they're strictly tropical. They won't take root at all.
It certainly seems that Mama is enjoying herself, Mr. Hanuman.
I don't think it'll be much use.
Well, perhaps not, but it's still worth the farm in trying.
Imagine, woman valley, a tropical jungle.
Oh, Mr. Hanuman, do you think these seeds will grow into real fruit trees?
Hmm.
Oh, Mr. Hanuman, do you think these seeds will grow into real fruit trees?
Hmm, let me see.
What have you got here, little my?
I could very well be mistaken, but I think this one is a mango seed.
Hmm, thanks.
And why do you want to know, little my?
Because I'm only growing fruit.
I want to be sure I'm not planting stupid orchids or passion flowers or something.
Ha, ha, ha.
Mr. Hemuman, can you tell me which one of these is banana?
Yeah, I'm not really too sure, but I think it's this one.
Do you want to grow an orchid too, snorkemaiden?
No, I just want to plant a banana tree in a really special place.
It's Mouin's favorite fruit.
I think she'll be disappointed bananas won't grow here.
Hmm, this weather doesn't belong here either.
If it gets any harder, I'll melt.
I can't wait for dusk, so it'll cool down a bit.
Hmm.
Isn't it wonderful to go to sleep looking at the stars?
And it's not so hot anymore.
I'll sleep like a log tonight.
Oh, you always do, don't you, little my?
Well, I'll sleep like an extra heavy log, then.
Snorkemaiden, why don't you sleep under that tree with Mouin and little my?
Oh, because I can't see the stars from there, and it makes me feel romantic looking at them.
But you're going to get very wet if it starts raining in the night.
You're joking, surely, Mama.
Not at all.
But it hasn't rained for ages, and there aren't any clouds or anything.
Just stars.
All the toothpicks fell on the floor, and that's a sure sign of rain.
Snorkemaiden won't mind if she gets all wet, Lumen Mama.
That should be happy.
Who? Why is that?
Because then she'll know that the special tree will start growing, and that's very important to her.
That's true.
Good night, everyone. I hope you sleep well.
Good night, everybody.
Good night, Lumen.
Good night. Don't snore.
Good night.
It's too hot to sleep.
Why don't you sleep outside like the children?
I think I will.
A thunderstorm.
I told you the toothpicks are never wrong.
Oh! Hey, it's raining, Lumen!
Wake up, Lumen!
Oh, is it morning?
The sun's really bright.
No, it's raining.
Rainy?
Look at that.
You look, I'm getting wet. I'm going inside.
So Mama was right about the rain.
Hey, Snorkemaiden!
Doesn't she look sweet?
Snorkemaiden!
Is it raining? That's very clever.
Your mother knows everything doesn't she?
She does.
Now let's get into the house.
Not yet. I want to feel the rain on my face.
It's been so long.
Ha! Do you want to feel it much longer?
Oh, it's stopped raining.
Mangoes! That's impossible!
Gosh!
By my tail, a jungle! That's a tropical jungle!
Wake up! Wake up, you two!
There's a jungle outside. We've planted a jungle!
A jungle?
You're right, Moments. Those seeds have not only sprouted.
I know. They're big trees.
I've never known trees to grow like that.
That's... that's...
I think I'll go and play Tarzan.
I wish my lettuce seeds would do that and move in, Papa.
There's magic here somewhere, Mama. Let's go and explore.
That's rain drumming on the campus.
It must be...
Snorkemaiden!
What a nurse all this!
Well, we found a crate of tropical seeds and planted them last night.
And this morning, while you can see it's like magic.
It's fantastic.
I know. We can go on a safari.
I've seen nothing like it.
What kind of flower is this?
It looks like an orchid to me.
This is a real tropical jungle, isn't it, Snorkemaiden?
Not quite.
What do you mean?
Well, Moomin, a real jungle would have wild animals in it, wouldn't it?
Oh, yeah. Like tigers and snakes.
This is more of a tropical botanical garden, I suppose.
That's Moomin's little mind.
He can have the peel.
This is a life!
Stop, Moomin!
Well, well.
What are you looking for, dear?
My solar toady.
You what?
My sun helmet. I can't go into the jungle without it.
I didn't know you had one.
I used it for a fancy dress party once.
Oh, I put it in a box.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, here it is.
Very dashing, dear.
I thought so, too.
Oh, I know.
Splendid protection is had.
Papa?
What in earth are you doing?
I want to get into the cello.
What for?
To get my gun.
Your gun?
Only fools venture into the jungle without a proper gun.
I don't think you need a gun, Papa.
And why not?
Because there aren't any wild animals.
Well, one of the seas might have been an egg or something.
Look at these, for instance, they look very animal.
Very odd animals.
More of an odd plant, I think.
I'd stay away from them.
They could be very dangerous.
Look, they've got eyes.
Careful.
I think they're man-eating plants.
Man-eating.
Stop that.
Help!
Help!
Oh, they're trying to eat me.
But they want to feed me to their young.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, help me!
Oh, help!
They're tearing my tail up!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, no, oh, dear.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Help!
Oh, oh, oh, no, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Well, done my little Maya.
Just saved my life.
Well, I saved your tail, anyway.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Get something to jam this door shut.
Come on, hurry!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we can't hold on much longer.
Huh?
That should keep them in now, shouldn't it?
Well, I don't think they could push their way through that lot.
They had a very strong grip on my tail.
He mustn't underestimate them.
Anything wrong?
You bet! The seller's full of man-eating plants trying to gobble up moment papa!
Oh! Oh my goodness!
What's the matter?
You can get straight from the seller into the kitchen!
What? Oh no, mama!
Oh my gosh!
Oh, hello!
Cue, we got here just in time!
Whatever's the matter with you, are you all playing Tarzan?
Oh no, mama!
I'm making grandmas if you ever get a tropical fruit recipe.
And perhaps now it's rained I can wash this dirty floor.
Oh, by the great bumble, I don't believe this a tropical rainforest.
Oh, a transcendentia megaloids.
And yes, a dyspepsia floremon.
Goodness me, I can collect a whole tropical hermoreum right here in moment valley.
I try, well, that's what I need. I'll get one from the Mormons.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Must say they're not the tiniest family, I'll have to move this.
Oh, this old furniture.
Do I look that funny?
No, you look great!
Maybe you and Tarzan have different muscles.
Me, Tarzan!
You, Jay!
Oh, oh!
Oh, here we go.
Me, get out, or me, sick!
Help!
I've got man-eating plants after this!
What? They must have come out!
They were in the cellar.
Did you open the door, Mr. Hamilon?
Well, yes, I wanted to borrow a trowel.
Mr. Hamilon, you know all about plants.
Do you have any idea how we can get rid of them?
They're man-eaters, you know?
Can't rid of them.
Well, let's see. We are in a bit of a fix.
I have heard that they react to music.
Music.
Snuffkin, you could play your harmonica.
Look, they've started dancing.
Keep it up, Snuffkin!
Music.
What will they do if he stops playing?
I really don't know.
Oh, what's this?
They're rather sweet and they don't try to eat you.
And that was how a tropical jungle grew and surrounded
movement house in one night.
Is it going to stay and for how long?
And what will the man-eating plants do if Snuffkin stops playing?
They love the laughter and they love the living.
The movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living.
The movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
They want to sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing the best song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
The seeds that movement and his friends had found in a box that had been cast up on the
beach had grown into a tropical forest. It was beautiful but also dangerous with man-eating plants
kept at bay by snuffkin playing his harmonica, but for how long?
snuffkin don't stop playing your harmonica whatever you do or they'll only get angry and attack us all over again.
If I don't stop soon I might never want to play again.
Well perhaps the music has made them more friendly.
Be careful Mr. Himmelon. Oh don't worry.
Mr. Himmelon look out.
I want him.
I don't think the quickly snuffkin play again.
Papa we must make sure the trap door won't open again.
Oh yes. What's this about a trap door?
In the kitchen they almost got him before in the tag mama. We reached her just in time.
Oh there they are.
I feel sorry for them.
It can't be helped snuffkin. If we let them out we'll be eaten alive.
It makes me feel very uncomfortable having man-eating plants under the floor.
Always keep a kettle of boiling water handy in case they break through.
The children are playing Tarzan.
They might as well seeing as they've got a jungle to play in.
Still planting those seeds might have been a terrible mistake.
Well mama I'm very glad that you did. Just think what I would have missed and movement values suddenly being full of tropical plants is wonderful.
I'm not fond of traveling as you know and you've brought the plants to me.
Well the trees make it much cooler but those man-eaters who I could do without them.
You're just like Tarzan.
Tarzan loves Jane.
Oh what bliss.
Stinky's over there.
Tarzan teach old Betty's lesson.
Pretty stupid moment playing Tarzan without wild animals.
Animals don't come from seeds.
No but you need them to have a real jungle. I can get you some if you want.
Really?
How do anything for my friends?
That's very kind of you. Not too wild though. No lions or tigers or anything.
Maybe it maybe chimpanzee.
I know exactly what you need.
Cheese.
Bread.
What are you doing mama?
Well I don't like the thought of all those man-eaters still in the cellar.
So your father and I are going to sleep in the bathhouse.
We'll sleep outdoors too. We've just built ourselves a hut.
Snorke maiden and little Mai too.
Oh yes there's plenty of room.
Oh right so that only leaves Mr. Himmel and sleeping in the house.
And he still busy checking all the different plants.
Mama is everything ready?
Oh yes dear.
Oh I'm already.
Yes we are Mr. Himmel and.
See you later.
Stinky said he could get some wild animals papa.
We'll have a frog.
I don't know.
I wouldn't trust him. He'll probably put a head jog in your sleeping bag.
There it is. The hut.
Oh very well built.
I tell you it's a wonderful place you love it. A real tropical jungle.
Are you sure it's quite nice here?
Of course I am. There you are.
Oh.
Oh lovely it is to run free.
Darling let's be the first to get to Moomin Valley.
Soon I'll have the largest collection in the botanic world.
And I will be famous and people will come from all over.
Now what have we here?
I don't know.
Go away I'm not a zoologist.
Look Moomin those must be the monkey stinky promise.
Well that's a surprise not like him at all.
I don't know.
Look Moomin those must be the monkey stinky promise.
Well that's a surprise not like him at all.
I just don't trust him.
What sweet things.
Just like in Tarzan.
What was that?
I don't know.
That sounds like some really wild animal.
A lion or a tiger.
I'm frightened Moomin.
Very odd just like home isn't it even if it isn't very big?
Perhaps we could live here.
Let's go hunting first I smell Moomin's.
Oh be careful darling you're very out of practice.
I must warn them.
See anything?
No other thing.
It must have been imagination.
Moomin.
Keep quiet.
I've just seen some tigers they're coming to get you.
Tigers.
Let's get back to the house quick.
There's no time they're nearly here.
We'll go to the bathhouse.
Shall we eat him up?
You know that Hamilins upset your tummy dearest.
I wonder where the Moomin's are.
Huh?
Just more animals that's all.
Papa!
Papa help!
What's the matter Moomin?
Little Maya's seen two tigers and they're looking for us.
Tigers after us.
That rotten sticky probably told them we're good to eat or something.
Maybe we are.
They'll be here in a minute.
Right Moomin, you go and find the biggest stone you can
and bring it back with you.
Okay.
This way.
Papa will this one do?
Yes, that's perfect.
Right, get into the bathhouse and it's quickly now.
Here they come.
Are you really going to eat them, dearest?
Of course, my love.
You see, I think they're hiding in that little house up there.
They're being very quiet if they are.
Huh, they're just too scared to move. That's all.
Why's that stone there?
Whoa!
My darling!
It worked, Papa!
Well, of course, Moomin.
My husband is drowning.
Oh, I'm so sorry. Papa, we must help.
He was just about to try and eat us, Mama.
I'm sure he won't do it again.
I suppose so, Moomin.
Oh, my love!
I never thought I'd see the day.
Moomin's rescuing a tiger.
Here you are, dear.
Tie this tightly around him and we'll lift him out.
Thank you, Mama.
Oh, darling.
Oh, you are right, my love.
What happened? Did we eat them?
No, you were drowning and they rescued you.
Oh, now embarrassing.
Well, they're in that cabin behind you if you still feel hungry,
but it was rather good of them to save you.
No, my appetite's completely gone.
We'll come back here then and we'll go.
I'll just jump over.
Oh.
What's the matter?
I can't remember how to jump.
We've been stuck in that zoo for too long.
Well, try and swim across, dear.
Okay.
Hmm?
Wake up, everyone. The tiger's all leaving.
I'm glad he didn't grow.
I knew they wouldn't be mean enough to eat us after saving him.
Shall we jump in and swim back as well? It's not far.
Oh, yes. I'll go first.
I want to go first.
Darling, are you all right? Be careful, Moomin.
Look over there.
Crocodiles.
Oh, hurry up, Moomin. Swim around the back and come up the ladder.
How can there be crocodiles in the sea?
I thought they only lived in fresh water.
How are we going to get back to the shore now?
We'll have to wait for a boat to come past.
No, I'm afraid we'll have to think of something else, Mama.
We could have been waiting for a wink or so for that to happen.
A whole week!
But we'll starve. All they'll find is our bones bleached, waiting to sun.
Don't worry, little mind. Papa will think of something you'll see.
Good morning.
Snuffkin, what are you leaving?
I was going to go sea fishing, but I changed my mind.
I didn't fancy landing a sea monster.
Help! Someone help! Help anybody!
That's Mr. Hemmulin.
Oh, the tigers must be after him quickly.
Who had ever made you so cross?
I just told you not to eat my plants.
Please, someone help!
Let me in!
That fella's always been clumsy.
We can't really help him.
No.
Oh!
Are you alright, Hemmulin?
Oh, dear, I think so.
What about you?
What do you do when a rhino gets stuck in your brando?
This is a new one on me.
So I'm loose. I can't think of any other way.
You have to be very careful, though.
I think you're right.
Yes, thank you.
Ah, look where you're going.
It was you who brought all the animals in, wasn't it?
Yes, you're right. That's what you wanted.
It's a jungle now. I did a good job.
Oh, really? Well, they're not wild animals at all.
They're quite friendly.
Friendly?
Hmm.
See what I mean?
They make very good pets.
Cute, aren't they?
Snake! Go stick where are you?
Why do you want?
The rhino and the tigers have become pets of the movement family.
You're not going to let that happen to you.
Well, are you?
It's not.
I'll bring snorked maiden and movement here tonight.
There's no need to eat all of them.
Just bite off their tails, all right?
Okay.
You'll be really amazed like I was.
It's big enough for both of you to sit on.
How lovely. A giant water lily.
I wonder if the seeds came from that box you all found.
Oh, I can't wait to see it.
Looking at the size of the jungle,
there must have been an awful lot of seeds in that box.
I suppose the wind could have blown them anywhere.
Where's the giant water lily?
Let's see now.
Over there.
How wonderful.
You see, I wish you'd learn to trust me.
It's a very honest guy.
It's so soft and pink and beautiful.
How romantic to be on a boat made from a flower.
This is unbelievable.
Our old box seems to have grown into a tropical swamp.
It's a lot nicer.
Hey, stinky.
Stinky?
Oh, I can't see him anywhere.
I wonder how far we'll float.
It's getting dark, moment.
Gotcha.
We must get away.
I don't know yet.
Look, there's the seed.
Put the crooked aisles.
Over there, snorkemaid.
I suppose.
Well, it's the only way we'll get away from this monster.
Keep going, snorkmaid.
We're almost there.
Wait.
Moomin and snorkmaid kept swimming as fast as they could.
They had a head start on the snake,
but now he was catching up.
Even though movements are very good swimmers,
unfortunately for them, so are snakes.
They love the laughter,
and they love the living the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter,
and they love the living the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
Move in.
Where are you moving?
It's not made in.
The rhino and the tigers that stinky set free from the zoo
are now living in the jungle that has grown up around movement house
and have settled into the restful life of movement valley.
Hey, have you seen movement?
No, you haven't seen him all evening.
I wonder where they got to.
Meanwhile, movement and snort made and chased by the snake
are swimming as fast as they can out to sea.
I can't swim another.
Snort must snort made and you must.
Hey, hey you there.
Come on, snort made and nearly there.
Look, there's a couple of hippos.
They're coming towards us.
We better get them on board.
That's funny.
I haven't heard about any hippos reported missing from the zoo lately.
Just a bit further snort made it.
We made it.
I didn't know hippos could climb so well.
Oh, thank you so much.
There was a huge snake chasing us.
Yes, we saw you were lucky we came along when we did.
Thank you for your help.
Whose ship is this?
ours.
We're from the zoo.
Oh, you've got one of the crocodiles.
Yes, and a lot of trouble he gave us as well.
There's another one around here somewhere.
We saw them.
Yes, we know there is, but we haven't been able to find him yet.
Oh boy, I wish they'd come as quietly as you hippos did.
Hippos.
Hippos.
Hippos.
Which zoo are you from?
I bet they'd pay well to get you back.
Now, look here.
I'm a woman, not a hippo.
Are you saying that I look like a hippo?
Well, perhaps they don't look exactly like a hippo.
No, but they're close enough, Captain.
I'm sure they've escaped from the zoo somewhere, though.
Yes, sir.
We haven't escaped from anywhere.
Certainly not a zoo.
We live in Moomin Valley.
We're Moomin's.
It's all right, Snork Maiden.
I'll not be taken for a hippo.
Come on, let's run for it.
Hey, wait.
There's a nice cozy cage already for you.
Hurry, Snork Maiden.
Ask to them.
Stop them now.
Don't let them get away.
Where are we going, Moomin?
Now, let's see.
Quickly, man, lower the live boat.
If they're not going to put us in any zoo.
Why did you come back?
I thought you were on the boat.
Oh, no.
Don't worry.
I never eat anything when I'm not swimming.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Now where's this ship?
Oh, they're catching up with us.
They want to put us in a cage and take us to the zoo.
Me too, I expect.
They're always trying to get me.
They've got one of the crocodiles.
Oh, did they?
They were my friends.
Right.
Hang on to me, you two.
I'm certainly not going back to any zoo.
Never, let's go.
Oh, no.
Now hold on tight.
Come back.
You horrible ripper.
Come back.
The moment's been caught by a big snake.
Yes, mama snorked maiden as well.
Dear stinky, that's not true, is it?
I wish people wouldn't realize that I almost never lie.
I'm sorry about them, but I thought I'd better tell you.
Oh, there aren't any snakes that big in movement valley.
There are tigers here, aren't there?
Well, there's big snakes too.
You brought the snake here, didn't you?
Papa, I'm not saying that I believe him.
But I think we'd better look for them just to be on the safe side, don't you?
Okay, don't believe me.
I've told you so my conscience is clear.
Where exactly did the snake attack them, stinky?
Down in the swamp by the sea.
Let's go, mama.
I'll come with you.
No, you'd better stay little my until movement where we've gone if he comes back.
He'll only worry if there's no one here.
And stinky, you'll show us where to go.
Okay.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, I'll move.
Hey, you!
Have you eaten, movement, and snork made it?
It's all right, mama. We're here.
Oh, praise the boobie-goobie-goobie-goobie-goobie-goobie-goobie.
Me time, you friend.
You're a very big friend.
Please come in as much of you as you like.
Stinky just told us that you and Snork's are here.
Hey, you, I'm here.
Hey, you, I'm here.
Hey, you, I'm here.
Hey, you, I'm here.
Hey, you, I'm here.
Hey, you, I'm here.
Stinky just told us that you and Snork made it
been caught by a big snake, so we...
Where are you going, Stinky?
She did chase us at first.
Then we managed to get on a boat, but they wanted
to put us in a cage.
So we jumped back in the sea, met the snake again.
Then they tried to catch her too.
So she helped us to get away, and now she's our friend.
Who are they?
Men from the zoo.
They've come to recapture all the animals and take them away
from the jungle and put them in cages again.
Nice.
Secondly, don't want to go back to the zoo.
Papa, we've got to protect our friends.
Yes, we have.
I'm sure that the tigers and that nice rhino don't want to
go back even.
Oh, of course they don't.
They want to be free and live in our jungle.
Why don't you go and explore it?
I'm sure it'll be just like home.
And if you see the zoo people, you can come back here,
can't you?
I'm sure you'll like it here, Mrs. Snake.
Yes, I'm sure I will.
Come on, I'll show you the jungle.
I'm so relieved that you're both all right at home.
So are we, Mama, but there's something we haven't told you.
Yes, they thought we were hippopotamuses.
What?
Who did?
They need their eyes, Destiny.
The men from the zoo.
They thought we had escaped from another zoo,
and we're trying to catch us, and they nearly succeeded.
How rude.
We're not at all like hippos, the cheek of it.
So these men were only trying to capture our new friends,
but you and Snork Maiden as well.
And me and Papa if they'd known about us.
That's right, Mama.
They're idiots.
Hippopotamuses don't wear aprons or right memoirs.
That's really made me angry.
I bet they never faced the wrath of a movement Papa before.
I want to see you wrap yourself round and choke somebody.
I know. How about the tiger?
He do.
I'd rather not.
We became friends in the zoo.
Oh, I know.
Choke stinky. That'll be much better.
Yes, my dewey did let us out of the zoo.
Well, you're a great disappointment to me.
I let you out because I thought you'd attack the movements,
but you have tea with them instead.
You're pathetic, you know that?
I'm sorry, but we were brought up in captivity,
and we never had to hunt for our food.
All our meals are brought to us, you see.
But your tigers, what do you eat them?
Well, we love cat food.
Cat food.
Oh, I don't believe it.
Yes, it's easy to chew and it leaves our fur all sleep and shiny.
We like the yellow tins with the black cat, don't we, honey?
Yes, it's our favorite.
You wouldn't happen to have any on you, would you?
Mama!
Papa, quickly!
They're here.
The zoo men are here.
Oh, get all the animals into the house first, you.
Hurry, moment.
Okay, Papa.
The zoo men have come to get you.
Oh, I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
The zoo men have come to get you.
Hurry, you'll be safe in the moment house.
Quick as you can, Rhino.
Into the house.
Go on.
Now, Rhino, push him.
I'm sorry.
Um, I don't think that's a good place to hide, Mrs. Snake.
I'm afraid that doesn't look quite right, Tiger.
I thought I might just look like a thick rug.
I'll just lie here like a beautiful porcelain ornament.
They'll never know we're here, darling.
Well, they'd never expect to find a Rhino under there.
That's what I thought.
Where are they?
Well, where are they?
They can't just have vanished into thin air.
Hmm.
Look, up there.
In the chimney.
So they're in there, are they?
Papa!
They've seen the snake.
They're nearly here.
Now, I want you to calm down and be quiet, everyone.
We won't let them take you away.
I promise you they'll have a fight on the ends if they try.
Teeth, please, my father.
Of course, dear.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, having a picnic, are you?
It's lovely day for you.
Not at all.
We're all here from the zoo, sir.
Oh, are you on some sort of expedition?
Excuse me, but are you the owner of this house?
Yes, indeed.
I am.
I'm moving, Papa.
Well, what can I do for you?
Well, you could send out the animals hiding in your house.
That'll do for a start.
Animals?
Oh, no.
We have firm believers that they belong outside.
Sir, you can't see from where you are, but I can assure you that there is a python
sticking its head out of your chimney.
A python?
Yes, that's right.
No, it isn't.
It isn't.
No, it's my daughter.
She happens to look like a python.
Not all the time you understand.
Right.
Come on, man.
We'll go and get the zoo's property.
No, you will not enter my house.
All right.
Well, you let the animals out.
We won't have to.
It's up to you, sir.
There are no animals, and you won't enter my house.
Now, wait a minute.
I do believe, yes.
You're one of those hippos, aren't you?
I am not.
I'm moving, Papa.
And I am the owner of this house.
No, you're not.
You're a hippopotamus.
Yeah.
A hippo who owns a house.
And it's also running in an illegal zoo.
Break down the doors.
Huh.
That is against the law.
Oh, it is, isn't it?
Well, there's a nice cage winning for you as well.
A woman, Papa, hippo.
I warn you, if you touch that door,
you'll regret it.
Go, yeah?
Great boys.
Let's go in.
Charge.
Charge.
Charge!
hall.
Now, then, what's going on?
Little mice brought the inspector.
What do you mean that you're doing?
Ah, they're hiding animals from the zoo in this house.
We want them back.
I tried to reason with the hippo, but it was no good.
Oh, have you know that's willful destruction of property, my good man?
It's not willful, we're from the zoo.
We gotta get in somehow.
Oh, have you, and can you be sure that there are zoo animals in there?
You just take a look up there at the chimney.
That's all I'm sure.
Go on.
See that python's head sticking out?
That's on.
I can't see a python's head.
But there was a python's head up there, I saw it.
I can't breathe.
Now you listen to me, zoo man.
Either you stop bothering my friends or I'll arrest you.
Is that clear?
Well, is it?
Yes, sir, it is.
But what about the zoo animals?
You heard the inspector now go away.
Do you see that?
See what?
The hippopotamus.
What?
The hippopotamus.
He's a fellow's been hiding all our zoo animals.
We got a nice cage lined up for him as well, inspector.
Oh, so that's your plan, isn't it?
Ha, they want to take them all.
Moomin, snork, me, mama, and papa.
Hmm, the criminal conspiracy.
Conspiracy?
It would probably be called kidnapping.
Once you can't kidnap a hippo.
That's a movement.
It could be white slavery, though.
I'm sure I could add incitement to riot to the list.
Now I hate paperwork, so I'll tell you one.
If you're gone within 10 minutes, I won't arrest you.
Why don't you put them in the deepest dungeon, inspector?
The one with all the rats and spiders and scorpions
that'll teach them to put Moomin's encages.
That's a good idea, little mind.
They like animals.
I'll start counting now.
One, two, three.
Get around men quickly.
We'll have to think quickly on this one, men.
Come on, now, does anybody have any smart ideas?
Come on, we're running out of time.
One minute.
Look, guys, we're going to figure something out right now.
Ready and look.
One minute, 30 seconds.
Two minutes.
Three minutes, 30 seconds.
Look, leave us alone.
Way of work and faring.
All right, six minutes and 50 seconds.
Time's up.
You're cheating.
The police don't cheat, and now you've got nine minutes
and 30 seconds.
How about that?
Nine minutes, 50 bucks?
I give up.
Everybody beat it.
But we're still discussing it.
No, we're not.
We're getting out.
Look, everyone.
The zoom in, and we're running off.
Great.
You've got to come and see this, Mama.
Nine minutes and 50 and a half seconds.
And don't come back.
We'll be the dungeon for you.
And I make that 10 minutes up to you.
You saved this little mind.
It was really clever of you to fetch the inspector.
Well, there were too many of them for me to fight.
OK?
Everyone, come on now.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
And so everyone was saved.
And eventually, they all came out of the house
to go and have fun in the jungle again.
As long as the warm weather lasted,
there were plenty of things to do.
But one day, the weather changed.
And cold winds blew down Mumen Valley.
It feels like autumn has arrived.
The jungle won't like the cold weather.
Do you think it will die, Mama?
I'm afraid it will, little mind.
It grew very quickly.
So perhaps it will go the same way.
And it did.
The whole jungle with it and died in just one night.
I think I've done a cold coming, Mama.
I'm sorry.
I can't get the house any hotter.
I missed the zoo.
At least it was warm now.
Yes, this cold is awful.
It would warm them up if we weren't the dead jungle.
Now they're happy again.
But for how long?
Well, that's the end of the jungle, you guys.
It's cold again.
It was warm in our cages.
What are you afraid here?
Yes, free to have pneumonia.
I'm sorry, but I can't see my husband spending the winter here.
And so all the animals,
decided to return to the zoo.
Perhaps we'll let you come back next summer, Mrs. Snake?
I like that.
When it's warmer.
Hey, look, the animals are on their way back.
Oh, Ray!
That wonderful.
Oh, it's good to see you.
You're welcome.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
Oh, it's good to see you.
You don't know how much we missed you.
Oh, good.
Gosh.
We'll come back right now, old fella.
It's good to see you.
Come on now.
Get back to your cages quickly.
We've been keeping them nice and warm for you.
Go on, off you go now.
You look all right, but I'm sure you must all be starving.
We'll do you a special meal tonight, all right?
Ah, the hippos, too.
For the last time, we're moments.
Not hippos.
You must be cold as well.
We'll warm up a cage for you.
It'll be nice and cozy, there.
No.
No.
It just came to send the animals off.
Hey, get a cage ready for the hippos.
Will you?
Nice and warm.
At the risk of sounding repetitive, we are moments.
Don't be ridiculous.
You're mullet here.
But we're nothing like hippos.
We know you're not purebred, but the public
will never be able to tell.
Do we have to stay here forever, Papa?
Of course not, Momen.
Don't worry. I'll think of something.
You will, won't you?
Have you got any ideas?
Well, not yet, but I am a writer, you know.
Don't cry, Snorth Maiden.
I'm sure there won't be only hay to eat.
I don't mind as long as we're together.
But what if they put us in separate cages?
No.
Well, that would be awful if they wouldn't do that.
Well, perhaps the inspector will come looking for us.
When he realizes that we've gone as well as the animals,
he'll bring the full power of the Lord to bear on them.
Oh, look, there's someone coming.
It's Snorth Maiden.
And Hamilton.
And a little Mai.
Snorth Maiden.
Hi, Moomin.
Don't worry. We'll have you guys out in just a minute.
Please come out.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've come to let you out.
I'm in charge of this zoo.
I'm afraid it was quite an understandable mistake.
But please accept this token of apology from the Board of Trustees.
Here you are, madam.
Mr. Hemelon and I went to the Royal Academy of Science
just to sort all this out.
We've been given a letter from the President
stating that you are not hippos.
Mr. Hemelon's scientific background helped persuade him.
So you can all come home now.
Well, it just goes to show you must never judge by appearances alone.
Mama.
Yes, Papa.
Do you think I should grow a beard?
No, Papa.
And so autumn came to Moomin Valley.
A new season with different weather and different pleasures.
They love the laughter and they love the living the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
There for you on your TV they are the movements.
They are the movements.
If so come with me give me your hand.
I'll take you up to Moomin Land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
Fall has come to Moomin Valley and the memory of sunshine filled hours fades as the days become shorter and the nights longer.
The wind blows away the falling leaves and the blue skies of summer are now gray and cloudy.
Winter is just around the corner.
Snork made it.
Where are you going?
Oh I'm just taking my brother his lunch little my.
He must have nearly finished the flying ship by now.
Oh no.
Not even snork works that quickly.
Well have you seen it?
No I haven't.
He won't even let me come into his workshop.
Is he afraid it'll disappear if someone sees it?
He hasn't said why but I suppose all great inventors have to be very careful.
Someone might want to steal their ideas.
Moomin told me he's dying to have a look at it.
Hey Moomin open the door.
I've got my hands full.
Come on quickly.
Look what I've got.
It's a 100 player.
Do you think you can get it working dear?
Oh yes of course mom.
Why do people always give me things that are broken.
It'd be nice to have something that worked for a change.
Moomin Papa will get it working for you.
My auntie said that the record was alright though.
It's dance music.
She's had it for ages but I've never heard it.
Oh that's nice.
It's years since I danced but it seems like only yesterday.
Do you remember what funny was Papa?
Dancing.
Oh yeah.
I see.
Have you fixed it Papa?
Huh?
I can hear music.
Doesn't sound like snuffkin.
Right have you got the idea now?
Yes I think so.
Me too.
Come on.
Oh let's see you then.
May I?
Did I do it?
Oh wow.
Look at Papa Moomin.
He's a great dancer.
Well then can you dance snuff?
I've never tried.
Right well try now.
Oh that was fun.
Oh dancing never you still wear me out like this.
You've got no sense of rhythm at all Sniff.
I can still dance though can I?
Oh are you ready Papa?
I think I'll have to sit this one out Mama.
Alright.
Little one.
No thank you.
I'll dance on my own.
Well then.
Why don't you dance with me and Sniff?
Ah.
Oh it looks like it's here for the day.
Oh what horrible weather Snuffkin.
Yes.
They're having fun.
Well Sniff brought this old record player over and we've been dancing.
I haven't done it for years and years.
Well aren't you coming in?
I can smell winter in the air Moomin Papa.
Oh yes you're right.
Sniffkin why?
Sniffkin come and dance with me.
No thanks of mine.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh you.
Hmm what's the matter with this?
I'm afraid it's broken.
Just when we were having so much fun.
Will you be able to fix it again dear?
No even I can't mend it now.
Oh please try Papa will you?
Snuffkin do you know anything about record players?
No I'm afraid not.
Oh dear.
But what?
I'll play my harmonic if you want to continue to dance and then you can fiddle around with the machine.
How would that be?
Oh yes please that would be great Snuffkin thanks.
Now then what would be a good tune to dance to?
Let's see.
Oh no.
Now what's this?
Oh no I give up.
May I?
You're thinking about going away again aren't you Snuffkin?
Hmm.
I know that you go south every year when winter comes but I'll still miss you though and I wish you could stay here in Moomin Valley.
I know Moomin.
Who are they?
How do you know I expect to be?
I don't know.
I'm just a little bit nervous.
I'm just a little nervous.
You're thinking about going away again aren't you Snuffkin?
Hmm.
I know that you go south every year when winter comes, but I'll still miss you though and I wish you could stay here in Moomin Valley.
I know Moomin.
But I don't know I expect.
Probably the best place for them.
When are you leaving Snuffkin?
Oh I haven't decided yet.
So you'll be here for a bit longer then.
Do you know where you going?
No.
It must be fun traveling.
Yes most of the time.
It's the best way of meeting new people and still being on your own.
I wish we could do that, but even when we hibernate and go to sleep, we're never really alone.
I guess I'd hibernate too if I had to stay up here in Moomin.
During all the freezing winter snows.
Do you think I could go south with Snuffkin, Papa?
Not really, it's the moment way to hibernate.
It's a family custom passed down through the years by our ancestors.
But Papa, I don't want to go to sleep for months on end.
I want to travel south with Snuffkin.
Oh Moomin.
You promise you'll be back on the first day of spring.
Oh Mama.
Does that mean I can really go?
I can't wait to tell Snuffkin.
I can, can't I?
Well if you really want to, I don't suppose we'll stop you.
Will we Papa?
Now my parents didn't mind when I traveled around in my youth, so yes or right Moomin.
Oh thank you Mama, thank you Mama.
That's great, but what will Snuffkin say?
Well, it's a good idea, and I gotta say it'd be fun to have you a long Moomin.
So I can come with you Snuffkin?
No.
What?
I'm sorry, but I've got to go on my own.
Don't be disappointed Moomin, I told you I travel alone.
I need to.
After spending the rest of the year here, just as I need to be here, after spending the winter alone.
And the joy of returning to Moomin Valley is something I wouldn't miss.
Which Snuffkin, I thought.
The time will soon pass, and you'll be asleep through most of it.
You won't notice I'm not here.
I'll see you next spring, Moomin.
I'll be back on the first day as usual, I promise, as soon as the weather warns.
And when the flowers start to grow, nothing will keep me from Moomin Valley.
I'll be back on the first day.
I'm sorry, I didn't work out for you, Moomin.
Oh, it's all right.
Oh, come on Moomin, you'll have to tie them a bit tighter than that.
I'm sorry I didn't work out for you, Moomin.
Oh, it's all right.
Oh, come on, Mum, and you'll have to tie them a bit tighter than that.
It'll be a cold winter, so we'll need lots of wood to keep us going till spring comes.
I know.
Now you want to stay warm, don't you?
When I grow up, I'll go south for my own, too.
Yes, of course you will.
It's Mum and home.
Yes.
How is he? Is he still down in the dumps?
I'm afraid so, grandma's cheer you up recipe didn't work.
I think he's being silly just because Snuffkin's going away.
I suppose he is.
But don't worry, Mama.
He won't be miserable much longer because I got a surprise for him.
Are you there, Mum?
Oh, Mum, and don't cry.
Boys don't cry, I suppose.
Of course they do.
Well, I'm not crying, so they're...
All right, but I do think you should get up now.
Oh, and why should I?
I have a surprise for you.
I don't want any surprises.
Come on, I'm going to go and see Snuffkin his workshop.
But you know he won't let us in. I've tried before.
Oh, yes. He will today.
I promise.
What? You mean Snorkel shows his flying ship at last?
Yes, he said.
Has he really finished it then?
No, not yet. There's still a lot of work to do on it.
Then I wonder why he's letting us see it.
He's always refused before.
What's made him change his mind?
But I asked him this time.
I said I wanted to show it to you. It just needed a woman's touch.
What did you say to him?
First, he said absolutely not.
But when I told him how ill you were and that you probably wouldn't be with us much longer,
he gave in and said we could see it.
Just you and me of course.
I'm not that ill Snorkel maiden.
Oh good.
Because sometimes when people are very depressed and just lying bad,
they've done something bad.
Oh stop it Snorkel maiden. Don't say things like that.
I'm only trying to cheer you up.
So remember, don't tell us all.
No one else must know anything about it.
Okay.
Let's go.
No.
A little my.
Little my.
Trouble.
Big Trouble.
We must fool her.
Yes, but how?
What can we do?
I know what we'll do.
What?
Quick, Moonman.
You just agree with everything I say Snorkel maiden.
Oh.
I thought you were in bad Moonman.
No, we're going to see Snorkel.
Yes.
Really?
Yes, he needs to clear a runway for when the flying ship is finished.
We're going to help him do it, that's all.
Yes.
Are you really, Moonman?
You got out of bad to do that.
I'm afraid I find it very strange that Snorkel's asked to go along and help him cut down bushes and dig up roots and things.
You might have noticed I'm not a complete fool.
But it's true, little my.
Oh, yes.
Well, at least you could have invented a better lie.
You must think I'm pretty stupid to believe a pathetic story like that.
But it's the truth.
And we need your help.
Yeah.
Don't bother, don't bother.
I don't want to hear anymore.
I think it's very sad that you have to pretend.
You're trying to hide something from me and I'm not interested in what sort of sneaky underhanded thing it is.
But little my.
No buts.
And anyway, I'm a little too busy at the moment to take any notice of what's going on.
Goodbye.
Come on.
Phew, that was close.
Yeah.
Ha!
Think, thank you.
Keep a secret from me, do they?
Are you alone?
Of course we are.
I promised, didn't I?
Come in then.
Wow.
It's nearly ready, isn't it?
Oh no, there's a lot more to do.
The machine isn't half finished yet.
And as you can see, there's a lot to do on the ship itself, but I'm getting there slowly.
I never thought it would be so fantastic, smork.
Well, I suppose you could say the design wasn't a complete failure.
I'm quite sure it'll fly beautifully.
Oh, thank you.
Do you really think it will, woman?
I can see it now.
High up in the air, dodging in and out of the clouds, way up above the world.
Well, I'm glad to see that you're so perceptive and quite right.
Oh, how very thoughtful of me.
Shouldn't you sit down and rest.
You know, you're illness.
It doesn't help to get too excited.
Ha, I shouldn't worry, smork.
There's nothing wrong with him.
Oh, little my, how did you get in here?
Throw that door.
But I always keep it.
Oh, oh, oh, no.
I must have forgotten to lock it.
And it's a bit late to do it now, isn't it?
But don't worry, if I wanted to get in, I'd get in locks or no locks.
Oh, you lied to us, little my.
Of course, but so did you, telling me that stupid story.
Now we're even, right?
Now, listen, little my.
Don't ever tell anybody what you see over here.
All right.
This invention contains so many outstanding new features
it is difficult to know where to begin.
But let me start with the most exciting part of the whole construction.
It began as a dream or rather the concept of a dream
thrilling, beautiful, impossible, dangerous.
Oh.
Can you take the ship down, movement?
I'd like you to land at that side of the lake.
Oh, why do you want to get off?
Aren't you having fun flying about up here?
I want to be on my own.
Oh, please stay here.
If you want.
No, really, movement, please.
Bye now.
No!
Snuff me!
Ugh.
Oh, oh.
So long then, movement, my friend.
I'll see you again next year.
The first day of spring.
Goodbye, then, Snuffkin.
Off for the winter, eh, Snuffkin?
Yes.
Goodbye, Mr. Hemilan.
We'll be seeing you in the spring.
Yes, when the snows are gone.
Oh, to be young and follow the sun wherever it goes.
Oh.
And so the snow fell and winter came to movement valley.
And in movement's hearts, Snuffkin and the spring seemed a long, long way away.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements.
The movements, the movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a movement land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
It's the middle of winter in Moomin Valley.
And all is quiet and peaceful in Moomin House.
Is everybody enjoys their winter slumber.
The house is full of dust covers.
On the chandelier, on the furniture, on everything.
Waiting until they all wake up again on the first day of spring.
And start to get everything in Moomin House clean and ready for the coming summer.
But what's this?
It looks like Moomin is restless as if something has disturbed him.
I wonder what he was dreaming about.
I wonder what he was dreaming about.
I wonder what he was dreaming about.
I wonder what he was dreaming about.
I wonder what time it is.
Oh, it's nearly 20 after two.
Wonder whether it's morning or afternoon.
It doesn't really matter, I suppose.
Oh, it's stopped.
Oh, it's frozen.
It looks really dark out there.
Mama, Mama, please wake up.
Papa, Papa.
Mama, Mama.
Mama, what's wrong with me?
I feel way too weak.
Oh.
It's very odd.
I don't usually wake up when I'm hibernating.
Oh, dear.
The whole house is buried in snow.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
This doesn't look like Moomin Valley.
And it's so quiet.
What was that?
Perhaps I better go home.
No.
What's the matter with me?
Everyone's asleep and the furniture's all covered up.
And Moomin's don't give up.
I wish enough can we're here.
He's probably in the far south where it's warm and sunny.
I wonder what that is.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
That sounds like...
Oh, he has his little mind.
By the bobo, what are you doing here, Moomin?
What am I doing here?
I heard strange noises and came to see what it was.
Then you crashed into me like an avalanche.
And I've just lifted the box off you.
Oh, don't be stupid, Moomin.
I mean, why are you out in the snow and not hibernating like the others?
Spring's not for ages.
Oh, I don't know.
I just woke up and couldn't get back to sleep.
But what about you sliding about like that?
You should be asleep too.
Yes, I should, but I just woke up as well.
Probably to look after you.
I tried to wake my stupid sister, but she kept on snoring.
I think this snow is really great.
Well, I don't.
It's cold, it's slippy, much too bright, and it's everywhere and far too quiet.
I saw the grog.
Wow.
That horrible freezing monster.
She should feel at home in this, and there's no point in her trying to freeze anything.
I saw her on the hill.
Then it was her voice, I heard.
Yes, and the trouble with the horrid thing is that she's so cold I wouldn't even want to touch her, Moomin.
Huh?
It's her!
Oh.
I'm getting cold shivers all over.
Well, why don't you expect in the snow?
No, it's the grog's fault.
She's done it.
Look at my skin, it's all goose bumpy.
It's not like that in the summer, it's smooth, not lumpy.
It's not the snow that makes me feel so cold, it's her staring at me.
I'm scared.
That was great.
Good, isn't it?
You can have as much as you like.
We picked more raspberries than ever this year.
The Mama made lots of juice.
Thanks.
Oh.
Huh.
I want that.
Mama's silver tray?
Yeah.
What do you want it for?
To slide on the snow with a coarse stupid?
But it's a sort of family treasure in heirloom.
Well, you never use it and it's so shiny.
It'll make a great sled and go really fast.
Doesn't look like they'll wake up till spring.
They're lucky, they're still sleeping.
I think it's very unfair that I woke up like this.
So, what should we do now?
I want to go look at the sea.
Good idea.
At least that won't be covered in snow.
I bet the great cold was just like this.
Oh no!
What's the matter?
I forgot the tray.
Never mind.
You can use it as a boat anyway.
It would sink.
Yes, you could.
What?
How?
Oh look!
There's the sink!
But it's all frozen.
So we'll be able to slide on it.
What's that over there?
Huh?
Huh?
Tootiki!
Hello, you too.
You're not hibernating either?
Oh no.
I haven't got time to spend four months sleeping.
Why not?
Little Mayan, I just woke up and now we don't know what to do.
I'm sure you can think of something.
Who's supposed to?
I've never seen the sea frozen before.
Did you make that horse tootiki?
Yes, I did.
Can I sit on it?
No, you can't.
I need it for the lady of the cold.
Oh, I see.
I suppose you've heard of her.
Yes, she's very beautiful,
but if she looks into your eyes,
you're turned into a block of ice.
She's not a very nice lady.
That's right, Little Mayan.
Spring can never come while she's here.
It waits for her to go.
Oh, I see.
And are you hoping she'll ride away on this horse then?
Yes, and it will take her back to the north,
where she stays until she comes here again next winter
and drives the sun away.
The horse doesn't look very solid to me, Tootiki.
Well, that's why I'm going to pour water over it
when it gets really cold, and then it'll be solid.
When is the lady of the cold coming?
You can never tell, but soon, tonight, perhaps,
it feels much colder already.
My.
What's happened to the sun, Tootiki?
Do you know when the sun will come back again?
Uh-huh.
It's in the south shining on Snuffkin,
but it'll be back soon,
and then it will stay a bit longer each day.
Good I can't wait, now there'll be a full moon tonight, and we'll be able to see everything.
Great, I can get my tray out! I can't wait to try it on the sea!
What do you mean, your tray?
Well, let's move in, Mama's tray, but I'm using it. I'm going to put a sail on it and slide across the ice.
Why not wait till tomorrow?
Wait until tomorrow? No, when I want to do something, I do it now!
What if the ice suddenly melts or something?
Eh!
Yeah!
I like it here, it's warm and cozy. I hope Moomin Papa doesn't mind me using it.
This is Papa's bathhouse. He build it himself, and he'd be very glad to know you're using it.
It's great, the window paints are different colors.
If you look out through one, the world is red, and through another one, the world is green.
Oh, you don't hibernate either, do you?
Now scram, the horrible lady of the cold is coming and if she looks you in the eye, you'll turn to ice!
Go on, go away!
Moomin!
Tu-tiki!
Moomin!
Moomin!
Tu-tiki, why are you?
Little Mike, we're over here.
Huh?
Why are you doing down there?
Tu-tiki's trying to catch some fish.
If she does, she's going to cook us some dinner.
Right, I've got to get sailing, man.
I'd better go see what she's doing to Mama Silver tray.
Okay.
Ah, got one.
Oh dear, me.
She's cold and wet under that ice.
How are you doing, little Mike?
Very well, thank you.
How can you get under the ice anyway?
I guess the water must be low and there's a gap left there.
Oh, how?
I don't know, but perhaps the tide was in when the sea froze and some of it got stuck to the shore.
Oh, I suppose it's possible.
Tu-tiki told me that she has fish soup every day in the wintertime.
I know, I'll go see if the horse is frozen yet.
Make sure you shut the door behind you.
Oh, my thumb!
Hmm, I don't think it's hard enough yet.
It'll collapse if the lady if the coke gets on it now.
Oh, it's getting colder and colder.
Oh, it's getting colder and colder.
Oh, it's getting colder and colder.
The grog.
Don't tell me you want to ride the horse.
I don't think you'd better.
This is for the lady of the cold, you know.
There's no telling what she'd do to you.
Look you in the eye, probably.
Even the grog is frightened of the lady of the cold.
Ah, now it looks frozen.
Wee!
Wee!
Great, isn't it, movement?
Yeah, that old tree really moves.
Wanna go?
No thanks, I'm too big.
Come on, now.
The fish soup is ready and it's time you were inside, little my.
Keep it warm for me, I'm having another go.
No, little my.
Why not?
Have you forgotten what I told you the lady of the cold may be coming?
Oh.
Well, I want to see her.
I'm not scared of her.
I'll be moving so fast she won't get a chance.
No, now listen to me, little my.
All you have to do is not let her look you in the eye.
But what happens if you're not quick enough and she catches you before you turn away?
I know, if we watch her from the bathhouse, she won't see us.
Please, little my.
Come in, she's almost here.
We can watch it from inside.
That's no good.
I want to see her properly.
No, little my.
No, little my.
Don't go.
No!
Come back.
Little my.
Oh dear.
Come on, let's get back in the cabin before it's too late.
Wee!
Oh, the lady of the cold.
Come on.
I saw her face.
I saw her face.
I saw her and she didn't turn away to eye.
Press little my to get away with it.
I don't know how she does it.
I think her nerves are made of steel.
I hope she's alright.
She should try not to make so much noise out there.
Oh dear.
Oh dear.
Oh dear.
Oh dear.
Yay!
I saw her face.
I saw her face.
Come on.
Come on, my friend.
Oh no, don't stop now.
No, my friend.
Oh, this is it.
Little my.
Oh dear.
Oh dear.
Little my.
Come on, please.
Wake up, please.
Oh please, don't stay frozen, little my.
Don't worry, little my.
We'll thought you out.
Don't worry.
It's nice and warm here.
Oh, that's hot, moment.
Praise the ball, Bob.
You come back.
So little my came back from the cold, little the worst for wear.
Moment need not have worried.
For the little mysars world are practically indestructible.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV.
They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to a movement land.
You can fly just like a bird.
You sing the path song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
They were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
They were the movements.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
During the long winter in Moomin Valley, almost everybody living their hibernates until the sunshine comes again in the spring. But for some reason, Moomin and Little Mai woke up in the middle of it and couldn't get back to sleep.
But for some reason, Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin and Moomin
That was fun! Why don't you have a go Moomin? I'm probably a bit heavy for it. So get something else, dummy! I might later... Anyway, I thought we were gonna see Tuttaki. Come on, I'll pull you. Okay!
I know why you don't wanna go Moomin. You're scared of sliding down from the top, aren't you? No, of course I'm not!
Don't you think he's not here? I wonder where she's gone to.
That's her over there, isn't it?
Oh, yeah, I think it is.
Jane, move in. She looks like she's sliding.
Sliding?
Yes, it's obvious. She's sliding, of course.
She's coming over.
What were you doing out there, too, Tiki?
Stung go down. It's the only place you can see it from. I just caught it for it disappeared over the horizon.
Where did it go to?
It comes up again in the south and will probably shine on snuffkin.
Hey, Tiki, what are those things you got on your feet?
They're called skates and they're the best thing possible for moving across the ice quickly.
Just what I need. Come on. Show me how to do it.
Yes, okay?
That's great. I'm going to make myself some skates, too.
It's not as easy as you'd think, little lie.
Pathetic. All you need is a sword and knife on your shoes and that sounds easy enough to me.
You know, it's strange, but I've got a funny kind of feeling that there's someone else apart from us in the bathhouse.
Hmm, well, there it is.
Who is it? Where are they?
Little lie, you can't see them.
Huh, what do you mean I can't see them? Where are they hiding in the cupboard?
No, they're invisible. Look, I'll show you.
Oh, oh, there's something on my head.
See, that's two of the shoe mice. They're eight of them all together.
Now, don't walk a little lie.
I didn't see any shoe mice here in the summer.
Although, if they're invisible, I wouldn't have done.
No, probably not.
As in the summer when we come across new little animals that we've never seen before.
And who likes snuffkin, go away when the wind and snow comes.
Then when the days are shorter and everyone else is hibernating, they come out.
And summer's so shy, they're invisible, dear.
I'm afraid I don't understand winter at all.
Well, of course you don't. You moments have always slept through and don't know very much about it.
Oh, I can't wait to tell Mum or Papa about all this. They'll be really amazed.
Moomin!
What is it?
We will wake up tomorrow, won't we, Moomin?
I'm sure we will. Why?
I just don't want to go on sleeping and sleeping until spring.
Well, we woke up today, so...
But we don't know about tomorrow.
No, of course not. We'll have to wait and see.
If we're awake, we'll know. And if we're asleep, then it doesn't matter.
Hmm.
Well, if I'm not awake and you are, wake me up, okay, Moomin?
Yes, all right. Go to sleep now.
What if it's the other way around, Moomin?
Well, what if I wake up and you're still fast asleep?
I don't mind sleeping all winter. Now, stop talking to me, my.
You'd better wake me up or else.
Hey, little mine.
Where have you gone to?
Hello.
Well, well. Wonderful place for skiing, you've got here.
What are those funny things on your feet?
Hey, what? You're joking.
Huh?
You mean you really don't know what these are?
That's why I'm asking you.
Well, they're skis, didn't you see me come down?
Yes, I did. Can you slide on the ice with these and go just as fast?
Oh no, on ice, you have to use skates.
What is that, young lady?
Oh, it's a snowboard. You slide on the snow with it.
That's not bad, but it's only your silver tray, isn't it?
That's right, mister.
I'll teach you to ski.
No, thank you. I'll learn by watching you.
Won't take me long at all.
I'm afraid skiing is not that easy, young lady.
Don't worry, it won't be for me.
Everything is once I decide to do it.
Oh, so you spend all year going where the snow is?
That must be tiring.
Not at all. Life should be a struggle.
This jam is really good.
Does it always have to be winter, catch a struggle in spring and summer instead?
Well, no, that would be too easy.
You could just sit back and relax.
No, you've got to face up to the cold and exercise to keep warm.
That sounds very interesting, Mr. Brisk.
One clear cold bath a day keeps all those unnecessary thoughts away.
My own little poem.
What? You don't mean you swim in this weather, do you?
The water must be very close to freezing.
Well, the sea is a lot colder than that. It is frozen.
Is there a river?
Yes, there is, but the water looks very, very cold.
Sounds just right.
Have you got any more of this wonderful jam? It's delicious.
There's some more in the cellar, but we've got cranberry up here if you'd like that.
No, thanks. This will do for now.
I'd appreciate some after my daily swim.
It'll work up an appetite.
This is great.
I can hardly watch. It makes me shiver all over.
Is everybody like you where you come from?
Unfortunately not. Why did you join me?
No, thank you.
Hello, what are you two looking at?
Huh?
Oh, hello there, little dog. We're watching that madman down there.
He looks like he's swimming.
Moving valley is full of very odd people.
He's not from moving valley as a matter of fact.
Who are you?
I'm sorry, and I'm looking for my brothers.
I don't suppose you've seen them, have you?
Your brothers, have you lost them?
Are they hibernating somewhere, do you think?
Oh, no, not them. They never do that.
Well, everyone else in moving valley is hibernating, except little Mai here.
Now, too ticky, and the invisible mice, me, oh, and that crazy person down in the middle.
Oh, yeah!
My brothers are up in the lonely mountains. Is that far from here?
No, not far.
Lonely mountains. I know there are wolves up there, but I never heard of any dogs.
Well wolves and dogs are brothers, didn't you know?
Oh, you know, this tastes even better after an invigorating swim.
That's my favorite jam, much nicer than cranberry.
Oh, I agree.
Ah, doggie, now don't you want your jam?
What? No, you have it.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, you look as though you're a bit worried about something.
Yes, I suppose I am.
Put it out of your mind.
Why do you think your brothers are wolves? Did someone tell you they were?
Of course they are. Everyone knows that.
And besides, I can feel the wolf in me.
Well, you might feel it, but nobody can see it for a star. Wolves are much bigger than you.
I want to go and find them, and then we can all hell at the moon. I've been practicing.
I can see why he wants to be a wolf, but we'd better keep him here.
He could get hurt if he goes up there on his own.
You don't really want to live with wolves, do you?
Oh, I do very much.
Why don't you travel around with me, sorry, you?
I've got little dogs. They could be your brothers and sisters if you want.
Well, I don't know.
Look, I'm going to stay here in Moomin Valley for a while, and we can become great friends.
You're going to stay here?
Oh, yes. Marvelous slopes find swimming the most wonderful jam, and I'll build myself an igloo.
An igloo? You mean a house made of snow?
Yes, that's it, exactly. If it's all right with you, Moomin, I'll take this jam with me, just to keep me going.
Hello there. Can I borrow your spade for a minute, Mr. Brisk?
Of course. What for, my friend?
I want to break up this barrel.
Oh, that's easy. Allow me, little mind.
Here, here, here.
How's that, young lady?
Mr. Brisk really loves this jam. He can't stop eating it.
Well, it's very nice, Moomin. I can't imagine anyone not liking it.
Do you know how to ski to a tiki?
Well, of course I do. I just haven't done it yet.
Mr. Brisk says that he's going to teach me.
Oh.
I can't move my legs tied up like this.
That's the whole point. You don't have to. You just move your skis. Easy as winking.
First of all, you have to learn how to fall properly.
Well, then if I learn to ski first, then I won't fall.
Little mind has skis, too.
Oh, they're just made from an old barrel.
Yours are much more sophisticated.
Now then, Benjamin, ease and lean forward. Are you ready?
I don't think I like this. It's too steep.
Can I practice on something a bit flatter?
Well, maybe next time. Now then, I'll have few rolls.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Trying to start an avalanche movement?
You know, I think this hill is even steeper than the last one.
There's nothing to worry about. You've already mastered falling down.
How if you go again?
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Oh, stop it, please!
You can do it yourself. Just calm down.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Oh, look at that marvelous you need!
Please, someone, stop it, please!
Whoa!
That was terrific moment. Let's do it again!
Whoa!
What are you looking at, sorry you?
I can hear all my brothers howling out there.
They're probably hungry and looking for food.
No, I know they're calling me.
I'm going to see them. I've really got to a moment.
Whoa!
Oh.
Got anything?
No, not yet.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble. We're running out of jam.
Mr. Bresch, I suppose.
You can't stop eating it.
Well, you have to ask him to leave.
I can't do that.
Of course you can. It's your home and you can choose who you have.
A snowstorm is sweeping through the valley.
Usually a sign that spring is not far away.
A snowstorm is sweeping through the valley.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid there's going to be trouble.
I'm afraid.
Hello, woman!
Oh, hello, Mr. Bresch!
I'm sorry, but all the jams gone.
It's just an empty jar.
Oh, well, never mind.
It was a great jam.
things on my mind. You see, now that spring is here, I have to leave, Moomin Valley.
Oh, do you?
It's sad, but there you are. I have to go. Goodbye, Moomin.
Goodbye, then, Mr. Bursk.
Keep some jam for me.
Hello, I'm sorry. I'm your brother. I've wanted to be with you for a long, long time. I'm afraid I'm not very brave or strong, but if you'd let me stay with you...
Oh, don't you know me?
Looks like I was wrong. Oh, well, go on. Eat me if you want to.
It's a pity I didn't sleep at night instead of learning to how Moomin was right. I shouldn't have come.
I'm sorry, Moomin, I'm sorry, I didn't sleep at night, I'm sorry, I didn't sleep at night, I'm sorry, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I
didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night
I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep
I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night, I didn't sleep at night
but it's always time to rest, it's always time to rest, and it's always time to rest, and it's always time to rest, and it's always time to rest, me
Look, a little boy, Hang on to me
Thank you, Moonman! Let's go!
It's alright Moonman, don't panic. I'm with you. You're okay!
Oh, oh!
Over there, moving! Quick, do!
See, if you knew what I'd tell you,
there's nothing to be afraid of.
Just trust me, moving. I'm always right, aren't I?
Yes, I know you are, little my,
but we'd still better hurry.
Come on, you two, just a bit further!
Come on!
No!
Wow!
Oh, it's cold in here.
Quickly, let's get inside and light a fire, you'll soon warm up!
Phew!
And so Mr. Brisk and the ice both left human valley,
and spring returned once more after a long and eventful winter.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the movements,
believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play,
the movements are having fun day after day, the movements, the movements,
they loved the laughter and they loved the living, the movements,
believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play,
the movements are having fun day after day, the movements,
the movements, the movements.
Here they are for one and all, the movements are about to come,
come on and sit down here with me,
therefore you aren't your TV, they are the movements,
they are the movements,
so come with me, give me your hand,
I'll take you up to a moment land,
you can fly just like a bird,
sing that song ever, there were the movements,
there were the movements, there were the movements,
there were the movements.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba It's spring again in Moomin Valley, And after their long winter hybrination, everyone is awake and enjoying the sunshine and the flowers. Everyone that is accept for Moomin was in bed with a terrible cold.
Oh dear, moment, that's a nasty cough.
My throat is very sore.
This will help soothe it.
It's one of grandma's best potions.
It's hard.
Never mind.
Nice tasting medicines don't always work as well.
I wanted to go out, it's spring.
I know dear, but you'd catch pneumonia or something.
Mama, does anyone know why snuffkin hasn't come back yet?
No, perhaps spring came earlier this year and he wasn't ready.
Snuffkin had always come back to Moonman Valley on the very first day of spring.
But not this year.
Snuffkin.
Hi, moment, Papa.
Is moment any better?
No, I'm afraid not.
He's still got a nasty cough.
Can I go up and see him?
No, you'd better not.
You might catch it.
You know how poorly you get when you're ill.
It's best not to take the risk.
I should think he'll be up and about before very long.
Yes, it's better to be safe than sorry.
Moment shouldn't have gone out in the winter, should he, Mama?
No, but he couldn't go back to sleep.
Snow would have that effect on anyone.
I knew little Mai was out in the cold with him and look at her.
She seems healthy enough.
I'll take these flowers to Moonman later.
Little Mai's too small to catch a cold.
This is boring.
I can't believe that Moonman's sick.
And Snuffkin's not back either.
I sure wonder what's happened to him.
I bet you moment gets better as soon as Snuffkin arrives in Moonman Valley.
He's never been this late coming back before.
Perhaps he's got fed up with you guys.
Impossible. He's very fond of me.
He's told me so lots of times.
He likes Moonman too, of course.
He might have been captured by a highwayman.
Let's go and look for him.
A highwayman?
First Snuffkin, silly.
He's got to come back so Moonman will get better.
We must find him.
But where do we look, Snork Maiden?
In the south.
It's a big place. He could be anywhere.
Well, I don't care how big it is I'm going anyway.
You're being silly.
No, I'm not.
I don't think your brother will like it.
In fact, I know he won't.
Have you gone completely bananas?
No, I haven't.
And you'll just have to make your own muffins.
There's more to food than muffins.
I was speaking figuratively.
Anyway, I'm going, dear brother.
And nothing you can do or say will stop me.
It's for Moonman.
That's a sort of hair brain scheme
that could only have been dreamed up by you.
What good will it do?
You don't even know where he is.
It is not. Moonman is pining for Snuffkin.
Rubbish.
Men don't pine for their friends.
If he isn't back yet, then he isn't coming.
And if he isn't going to come, what's the point of looking for him?
You won't find him anyway.
He will come when he knows that Moonman is sick.
Black mails just like a sister.
Something done for love could never be blackmail.
Oh no, you're not going and that's fine.
Look, why don't you and Little My go by yourselves?
Oh, well, I didn't really make a definite decision.
I just sort of said that I might come along.
But if Snort Maiden isn't going, then there doesn't seem any point.
Does there?
And I'm not going because I think it's stupid and hair brain too.
Snuffkin will come back soon.
Not Snort Maiden.
What do you say to that?
How is Moonman feeling any better?
He's asleep now, but the cough doesn't seem so bad.
And his temperature?
Still quite high.
Snuffkin!
Am I pleased to see you, Moonman?
You look like you needed a lift.
This magic cloud must be one of those we got from the Hobgoblin's top hat.
That's right. I had one of them away.
What a good idea, Moonman. You are clever.
Well, it was so much fun the last time, wasn't it?
Hi, Moonman!
Hi!
Oh, look, Snuffkin.
I didn't know they were here, too.
Snuffkin!
Moments!
Snuffkin!
Oh!
Not just a dream.
Snuffkin!
You look blousy, Moonman.
Oh, thanks, stinky. You'd better keep away.
There's no need bugs and things like that.
Stay away from me.
They're probably frightened of someone so healthy.
Mom, I wasn't letting anyone in here. It's very dull.
You followed a bed or something?
Yes, I did.
I know. You were dreaming, weren't you?
Unfortunately, yes.
I know how you feel.
I have that dream a lot.
Oh, you stand on a windowsill getting ready to break the glass
and inside there's diamonds.
And then, Moonman, you fall.
It's not the same dream at all, stinky.
Snuffkin hasn't come back yet.
Have you heard anything from him?
He's very late.
Oh, Snuffkin.
Huh. You know something, don't you?
All I know is that he went away as usual last autumn
and hasn't come back yet.
And then...
Yes, what?
Snork Maiden wanted to go looking for him because she thinks
that if Snuffkin comes back, you won't be sick anymore.
But Snork wouldn't let her.
Snork Maiden?
Hey, Snork Maiden!
Snork Maiden!
You're not serious, are you?
I feel perfectly alright.
You look like that's warmed up if you ask me.
Thanks a lot.
Now, stinky, tell me which way does Snuffkin normally travel south?
Hey, are you going looking for him?
Yes, it's not really spring in Moonman Valley if he's not around.
It's just not right somehow.
Okay, you're all as mad as each other.
But you'll help me?
I've got to try and find him, stinky.
Yes, alright, but don't tell your parents I helped you.
Don't worry, I won't say a thing.
Sorry, stinky, are you okay?
No, I'm fine.
Here's your lunch, Moonman. How are you feeling?
Moonman?
Papa, come here quickly.
Oh, Papa, Moonman's gone. He's not in his bed.
Not in his bed? Are you sure, Mama?
Of course I am. His room is empty and there's no sign of him.
Perhaps he's in one of the other rooms.
Don't worry, Mama, I'll find him.
Yo, Moonman.
Moonman.
Hi, Moonman, Papa.
Oh, little Mai.
What's wrong? You look worried.
Moonman's gone off somewhere.
I expect he must have gone to look for Snuffkin.
Snuffkin?
Well, you know how crazy Moonman is about him.
It's stupid if you ask me.
But he's not well, he's got a fever.
Are you sure this is the right way?
Of course I'm sure. I live in this forest, don't I?
Why don't we miss each other somewhere?
Well, if you think he might, don't go there and it's up to you.
But I've got to...
Moonman!
Oh, Snuffkin!
Huh?
Where are you taking him, Stinky? You can see he's not well.
I'm not taking him. He insisted on going. I came to look after him.
Is that really right, Moonman?
Yes, I wanted to find Snuffkin, so he'd come back.
Well, I was going to find him for you.
Little Mai and Sniff were coming too, but they chickened out so I came on my own.
What did Snork say about that? I bet he wasn't happy.
Oh, he made a big fuss and I just let him.
So you just walked out and came on your own?
Brothers, always think they can tell you what to do.
I just ignored him. Did you tell your parents where you were?
Ah, no.
Did you put him up to this, Stinky? It's just the sort of thing you do.
No, I did not.
That's true, Snork Maiden.
Well, I don't know how you did it, Stinky, but I know you and I know you're to blame and I don't think I won't find out.
That's not fair, Snork Maiden. It was nothing to do with me at all.
Oh, he's right, Snork Maiden.
He didn't want to show me the way, but I made him.
I'm taking you home.
Oh, but Snork Maiden.
Look, no buttons. You're sick and you should be in bed and your parents must be very worried.
Look!
Moomin!
Oh, it's Papa. It isn't Snork behind him.
Oh, yes, it is.
Uh-oh, it's time I wasn't here.
I'm glad you hadn't gone too far, Moomin. I might never have found you.
I'm very sorry, Papa.
I have a feeling you're behind this, Stinky. Come on quickly, I'll with it.
Why doesn't anyone believe me? It was Moomin's idea. I swear it was.
It was, Papa. I wanted to find Snorkkin.
Are you all right, Moomin?
Snork Maiden!
Uh, here we go again.
Snork Maiden, what are you doing here? I thought I told you not to go on this silly jump.
Well, I didn't say I wouldn't. Did I?
Listen to me, Snork.
You're looking guilty, Stinky. How did you persuade her to disobey me?
See, I told you.
You stay nice and warm in bed and I'll mix some of grandma's potion with honey for you.
You'll have to be better soon because I have a feeling Snuffkin's on his way.
My wish Snuffkin would hurry up, then we could all get back to normal at last.
First, my sentiment's exactly.
So where is Snuffkin? Well, he's on his way back to Moomin Valley.
But he's had a very long walk and is getting very tired now.
Poor Snuffkin. He's had a terrible cold as well. This feeling rather weak.
Hello, I know you don't I?
Oh? Yes, you're Snuffkin.
Isn't that water still a little cold for that?
You'd better come by the fire and keep warm or you'll catch cold.
This is nice.
I'll be the one that's that by Snuffkin's fire. And he told me to keep warm and not catch cold.
That's no big thing, little fella. It's a pretty chilly night out here.
Oh, it is. I've heard so many stories about you from everybody.
And each year I try to watch you go past, but I've never been brave enough to talk to you before.
Stories from everybody. I don't know if I like that. In fact, I'm sure I don't.
What's your name, little fella?
Oh, well, I haven't got one. I'm so small that nobody's ever asked me before. I've always wanted to have a name, you know.
And it was you who asked me. And I've actually met you and sat next to you at your campfire. Oh, it's so wonderful.
You don't know how happy it makes me meeting you like this.
Oh, come on. You do go on a bit, old fella. You just get warm now.
Do you think Snuffkin? Oh, I don't know whether I should ask you. I don't want to offend you. Oh, well, why not? Yes, I will.
Perhaps you'd be kind enough to. I mean, would it be too much trouble for you to think of a name for me?
There. I've said it now.
Well, choosing a name is important. I'd have to think carefully about that.
But it will be easy for you. You know everything.
Now listen to me. You can't look up to people too much if you want to be yourself. It's not right.
But Snuffkin, you're so clever. You can do anything, anything at all. I know you can.
I've always wanted to be free like you to do whatever I feel.
Oh, I'm sorry I'm talking too much. I want to listen to you too. All about your travels for a start.
I know you're on your way to the Moon Valley to see all your friends.
The Hedgehog told me the Moon stayed up for most of the winter. Just waiting for you to come back.
Now isn't that wonderful? What?
I'd love to have someone that missed me so much they were miserable until I came back.
You don't know how lucky you are that you're so special.
Well, perhaps I'm not going there. I might have somewhere else to visit instead.
Oh, Moon will be very sad if you don't go back.
Yes, but you've got to have time to be on your own as well.
Of course you have, and I've taken up too much of yours now.
Wait, I think I'll be off. Okay, thanks.
Goodbye Snuffkin.
Good night, little fella.
Hey, wait a minute. What about your name?
You remembered!
Well, what do you think of TD Wu, my friend?
Yes, TD Wu. It's nice and happy to start with, and then a little sadness.
TD Wu.
That's right, TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
TD Wu.
Yeah, that's great. It's a wonderful name.
TD Wu. I'm glad you like it. It's the first time I've ever given anyone a name.
I think I'll be able to house, and then I can put up a real name plate that says TD Wu.
Ah, good idea, TD Wu. About what I said before.
Huh?
You know, not going back to Moonman Valley? Well, I am. I've missed Moonman and all my friends.
Oh, I didn't take that seriously. You just got upset at something, I said.
I'm afraid that happens a lot, I guess I talk too much.
Maybe you do.
I'll be going back to Moonman Valley a bit behind schedule, and this year Spring came along early too.
But I suppose it's better late than never, as they say.
Moonman will be happy. Say hello to everyone from TD Wu.
I will, and I'll tell them how it came about.
That's where you keep your harmonica, isn't it, Snuffkin? It's really famous, you know?
I didn't realize that.
Do you know? I've never ever heard any music.
Really? What would you like me to play?
Anything. Oh, I know. What about Moonman's favorite?
Oh, that's Snuffkin!
Oh, that's Snuffkin!
Don't move!
Snuffkin!
Snuffkin!
Now at last, Spring really has come to Moonman Valley.
They love the laughter, and they love the living, the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter, and they love the living, the movements.
Believe in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Here they are for one and all.
The movements are about to come.
Come on and sit down here with me.
They're here for you on your TV. They are the movements.
They are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand.
I'll take you up to Moonman Land.
You can fly just like a bird.
Sing that song ever.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
There were the movements.
All is peaceful in Moonman Valley.
Mama waters the flowers.
While Papa relaxes in the shade on the porch.
Look, Mama, Moonman Papa is sleeping again.
He had a long nap yesterday.
I think it must be the weather.
Too hot and sunny for me.
I wonder if he's worried about anything.
You don't sleep if you're worried you do something about it.
But Moonman Papa does have something on his mind.
Although it doesn't keep him awake.
He's having a nice dream as well.
Mama waters the flowers.
Mama waters the flowers.
Oh, a lighthouse.
That's it.
Oh, oh, oh.
That's it, a lighthouse.
What about a lighthouse, Papa?
We're going to visit one.
Right now.
Well, as soon as I find one, anyway.
That should stop you being bored, Mama.
Oh, I'm not really dear, but it would be nice.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm really excited.
Just because it doesn't let me.
Lovely water.
Yeah, I'll write an exciting, epic novel of the sea.
I'm sure it will be a great success.
If he puts some action in it and misses out the romantic stuff.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Tell me.
Does Moonman Papa want all of you to go away to this lighthouse?
Oh, yes.
It'll be great fun.
Just think of all the ships we'll be able to see.
Yes, that will be good.
Papa says he wants to write an exciting story about the sea.
With ships and storms and stuff, probably pirates too.
Oh, he's stuck writing his memoirs again, is he?
Well, I guess that might have something to do with it.
But I think he just wants another adventure.
He's bored.
Well, it sounds a bit odd to me, Moonman.
No, it's not.
We're going to live in a real lighthouse and save ships from the rocks
and being wrecked terrible storms.
Oh, I see.
What do you think the lighthouse keeper might say about you moving in?
Oh, he won't mind at all.
It'll be company for him, and I'm sure he'd like someone to talk to.
Looking after a lighthouse is a very lonely job.
Ah, but if you thought Moonman, that might be exactly why he chooses to do it.
You mean that he might want to be on his own all the time?
Well, some people like it like that.
Sometimes I like being on my own.
Not for long, though.
It'll be a lot of fun.
Snuffkin, why don't you come with us?
What, to a lonely lighthouse?
Yes.
Ah, no, which one is it?
There, that's the one.
Where?
So small, you can hardly see it.
How long would it take us to get there, Moonman, Papa?
A day or two, I should say.
Depending on the window.
But it looks so tiny.
Oh, I don't know.
Well, I think so.
How do we know which one is which?
Oh, don't you worry about that.
I've got an old compass somewhere, and we've got the map.
Then at night we'll be able to see the light itself.
Anyway, an old sailor.
An old sailor?
Well, I'm not really that young.
And an old sailor.
Is this mutiny?
Don't be stupid.
How long do you think you'll want to stay, Papa?
About a month.
Oh, we'll need to take lots and lots of food, then.
Well, bless me.
I think that'll be enough, Mama.
Surely there'll be somebody living there already.
Don't be stupid, of course there is.
A lighthouse must have a keeper.
Yes, a man dedicated to the sea.
Suffering loneliness and hardship.
Saving countless lives with no regard for his own.
Is that you, Sniff?
Yes, hi, Mr. Hamilton.
I thought you'd be busy packing for the trip to the lighthouse.
No, well, I'm not going with them this time.
I've decided to stay here.
Oh, dear me, really?
Sniff can said he was going.
Well, I have something very important to do.
Important?
Sniff is just a big whip, that's all.
Oh, shut up, little mind.
Don't tell me to shut up.
I don't listen to whims.
Now, now children, no squabbling.
It wouldn't be fair to the others.
I'm not a very good swimmer.
You mean if you fell and then we're drowning,
and save you, don't fall in then.
Anyway, you could hang on to an or something.
What if it got swept away?
We'll put a life jacket on you stupid, don't worry.
What about the sharks?
They might take a fancy to me.
Wait a minute, I know I'm not asologist,
but I don't think there are any sharks around here.
I'm sure I would have heard if there were.
Well, it's a real fine day for sailing.
Where are mama and the others?
Don't worry, movement, there's no hurry.
Are you sure that isn't too heavy for you, Sniff?
No, not at all, mama.
It's a shame that you're not coming with us,
but if you've got something important to do, you must do it.
It won't be the same without you, though.
We'll miss you, Sniff.
Thank you.
Oh, dear, I left a jar of strawberry jam
and a whole batch of pancakes on the kitchen table.
Do you think you could manage to eat them?
Leave it to me.
Hi, y'all be lucky if there's any food left in the lard or mama.
He's a my.
