here they are for one and all the movements are about to come on and sit down here with
me here for you on your TV they are the movements they are the movements so come
with me give me your hand I'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just
like a bird sing that song ever there were the movements there were the
movements there were the movements there were the movements
one night movement was having a dream what a wonderful feeling to be flying like this
look over there movement what a beautiful lake this is one of the most fantastic
experiences I've ever had me too I never knew birds had such a marvelous life
seeing things from a completely different point of view we're flying pretty high aren't we
I'm scared we're much too high let's go down please let's go down at once I'm not scared of heights
oh snorke this time you really have succeeded will I could build hundreds of these if you wanted me to
snorke can I steer just for a little while oh thank you do you really know how to steer
this is okay really it's just a dream
oh gosh my head hurt so what a strange dream why would my brother let stinky
steer his flying ship surely not I was talking to snorke while I looked away
suddenly stinky took his place oh and then the thing began tilting hmm but it was just a dream
I don't care I don't like it you shouldn't have dreams like that just for my brother's flying ship is
almost ready dreams often come true you know but it was nothing like the ship your brother's
building it was totally different but tell me what happened to it in the end did it fall down I
don't know I lost sight of it when I fell off and I didn't see it again well surely you could have
turned your head to take a look well I didn't listen moment don't say a word to the snorke
about this he's nervous enough as it is of course not why don't we just forget about it pretend it
never happened oh snorke it's finally completed sure it is but it hasn't been flown yet of course
but it will I want it snorke you don't think there's anything wrong with it of course not but it's
just there's some problem snorke well there might be so what is it fuel fuel but you said you
had developed a new fuel that was really good it's good but you see you see it might not be
powerful enough you mean it might be able to fly no it won't you're quite right or it will
just be an ordinary ship not a flying ship oh that would be nice what can't go up can't possibly
but that's not the point if it won't fly everyone will laugh at me I know they will
I won't laugh I promise maybe not others will but you wouldn't care about that would you
who cares what other people think the thing is I've already told people that the test flight
will be quite soon in public but I'm sure people will be very nice about it even if it doesn't get
off the ground that's hardly what I want moving I'd like to ask you a favor that's why I sent
for you will you help me I'll do anything you ask snorke of course what I would like is for you
moving my friend to be test pilot for me tomorrow you want me to be a pilot
hey stinky stinky oh listen stinky I'm going to steer that ship is that perfectly clear
you're not to touch the wheel I'm the pilot now
what on earth was that a bear wouldn't you find it difficult to steer it oh no it's real easy
but of course I need to practice before the public demonstration is the snorke going to fly
his own ship he'll be there but he has to stay down in the engine room snuff can I wonder if
this ship will really fly the only problem is the fuel only the fuel you say that's a big problem
I suppose so listen woman suppose now the snorke's flying ship really gets off the ground well of
course it's going to papa that something could happen something could break or you could fall
into an air pocket it's such a dangerous undertaking think moment papa now listen it's not natural
for moments to fly about up in the air is it snuff can quite right well would you and the snorke
do if things went wrong we will be wearing parachutes you know parachutes you don't know what they
are don't you papa of course I do they come down from the sky like this exactly but of course
we won't need a parachute because nothing will go wrong and I will be the first flying ship pilot ever
oh hi there hello my young man hello how do you do how do you do everybody hello sir I wonder if
you can help me do you happen to know where the snorke's factory is you mean the ship I must
see him I'm most eager to have a look at his famous flying ship how do you know about that it's
supposed to be very secret the information must have leaked out somehow oh well all inventors know
about what he is trying to do he's famous throughout moving valley this snorke really are you an
inventor too indeed I am one of the more famous I think maybe the most famous of them all I am
moment papa how do you do sir I'm snuff can and my name is moment please to meet you a very good
day to you one and all the muffles my name I said I'm the muffled you mean you've never even heard
of me the most famous inventor oh yes I'm sure I am the muffled isn't it yes it is the muffled have
you invented anything exciting muffled mr. muffled I it would be much easier to tell you what I
haven't invented young man for instance the pin that can't prick because it has two heads the
newspaper that reads itself the purse that moans and groans if you take money from it the adhesive
tape that sticks only to itself this is perhaps the greatest of all my latest inventions
whatever is that this is proper self a man powered fan infanible in muddy weather
all these are my latest inventions you didn't know that did you know we didn't but try and give
a handkerchief the square balloon the five wheel car the hexagonal frying pan the seven hole
button and a host of others indeed how interesting here what did you want to see the snorke
about I thought I might be able to help him out with one of my inventions that's what oh dear
which one my new no it's very top secret stuff I can tell you now where is the snorke's factory I'll
take you right there very kind of you come he'll be so surprised must be off see you again it's a
pleasure to help these budding inventors snorkel be so excited famous inventor what is your
opinion snuffkin have you ever seen a triangular handkerchief movement papa no when I don't want to
either I do wonder what he's cooked up for the snorke though it is sort of intriguing yes indeed
women will be able to tell us later I suppose yes but anything could happen before then can we
wait that long snuffkin you're right no wait for me I'm coming with you oh I thought we had
several guests we're in the world if they all gone
now where are they off to I wonder
oh look who's coming what are you doing here we're just interested
where are the muffle and the snorke the snorke and the muffle are discussing some top secret project
it's very harsh not a triangular handkerchief I hope I don't know papa as I said it's top secret
hmm let's see oh bother the curtains in the way so I can't see a thing
so this is the powerful fuel you've developed is it mr muffle yes it is not as original as
my other inventions I admit but very useful yes useful I call it super fuel only trouble is my
engine has been designed for liquid fuel no problem at all young man if you dissolve this
block of fuel in 10 liters of water your engine will run for at least 10 hours for 10 whole hours
that's incredible if you doubt the word of the muffle then try it out and see for yourself
right now right now better still I guarantee that if used as it is in a solid state your engine
will run not for 10 but for 100 hours 100 hours but that's incredible you really must be some
inventor indeed if what you say is true it would solve the last problem of my flying ship oh now
that I've looked more closely at the padlock this store isn't locked no it isn't so if one
wanted to see the snorke one could work right here but why would you want to see him papa well
why don't you tell us I don't want snorke falling for one of the muffles crazy ideas that's why
well we'll find out pretty soon maybe you don't realize it but the snorke is pretty clever you know
I think I know exactly what they're doing in there yeah what
I saw that man pouring something into the flying ship what was it well I guess it must have
been fuel movement how come you saw him there's a crack that's just about wide enough for me
but I won't tell you where what are those two in there talking about oh yeah so this is the great
super fuel wait a minute snorke there must be something wrong with it yeah you are
fair you are solid fuel indeed huh a hundred hours you're an imposter sir oh it isn't true if
you just let me explain no thank you I know very well why you came over here with that ridiculous
story off with you right now listen to me it is not ridiculous and it is not just a story
maybe we shouldn't have dissolved it in the water that was a mistake imposter but I'm the
mother I don't care maybe it's just a misunderstanding and the fuel isn't suited for flying ships
wrong it suits everything forget the fuel that was just a trick so he could come here and get
to see my flying ship so the muffler has come here to spy mean ridiculous I don't steal
papa was there anything you wanted to see me about huh no I just dropped by no cause for excitement
the fuels are done no it's not that's not true I don't invent guns what would be the point of
inventing them oh listen to me please let's try and use the fuel once more small thanks once
was once too many I'll have to clean my tanks from your gunge get out of my sight
oh dear this must have been a bit of a disappointment for the snorke I know
now listen stinky I'm doing this for the snorke say isn't that so I don't care
you're doing it for all I want is to get a good look at the famous flying ship you'd need
something very powerful to get a thing like that off the ground something so powerful that only
I the muffler could ever have invented it remind me one day to show you my famous triangular
handkerchief now all we have to do is not dissolve the fuel in water but use the solid fuel hurry
up with that lock sticky or maybe I should invent a lock pick come on stinky hurry hurry
there you're done good come we don't have much time no I'm dying to steer this ship
oh
me up take it up to 2,000 meters yeah
oh stinky stinky we're flying at a height of just over 2,000 meters now
stinky yeah I'm listening what is it when you hear me say now that's when I want you to start
up the engine immediately all right no problem I guess it must be this one no no not yet
this is it just a drop of water on the fuel block now that should do it can I start it now
not yet all right
now start up the interesting key my answer
did you really turn on the switch yes I did the engine won't start are you quite sure you turn
the one I pointed out to you I think so maybe I turned the wrong one there outside these two
as well come on stinky this is no joke my reputation as a famous inventor is at stake
this should do it I think is that work Mr. Mapple nothing is happening I do I shouldn't
have let you do it better to do it myself you're useless wait Mr. Mapple I haven't tried the very
last one in the row this one switch left what I better throw that one too you never know it might
just do the trick
I'm not surprised but I'm so pleased with myself
you should be here snort this is my great moment and you should be here to share it with me come on
I can't wait to try this thing
incredible this ship to rise like a Phoenix not the most imagine this is one of my desert inventions
wait
come on let me go come on
sheer power I don't think it is starting out
I very much afraid it's exploding
whoa hey stinky religions exploding
where it gets the back to find out about this ship it's going to explode any minute by wonderful
fantastic
oh
Now come to your nice room on the small side, but the very best one.
That explosion...
It really was most unexpected, officer.
Everybody knows you're a great inventor.
I wonder if you could help me, Mr. Muffel.
But how?
Could you think of something to protect my roses while you're staying with us?
A non-explosive, of course.
Of course I could.
Piece of cake, officer.
Oh, I really did want to fly.
Come, come now, cheer up, snorke dear.
Here you are, a nice cup of tea.
Thanks.
It's very strange, but I had a dream the other night about a flying ship.
Did you really move in?
That sounds very interesting.
Yes, very interesting.
Moment, tell me about it.
Yes, it was a peculiar looking ship, totally different from your flying ship, snorke.
Different, huh?
Well, it was sort of round like this.
It had a propeller and something hanging underneath.
And we flew over a high mountain.
Round?
Yes.
And you were in a sort of thing hanging underneath?
Yes.
Round?
Round, huh?
Round?
What ever is the matter, snorke?
What?
Oh, mama, thanks for the tea.
I think I'm getting a new idea.
Moment, see you later.
Papa, I must go.
Oh, there he goes again.
I know that, look, mama.
You won't get an intelligent answer out of him for the next month or so, honestly.
I'm very happy for him.
I must say that was a very clever dream you had, Moment.
I'm a better inventor than the model.
Unusual triangular acruchy.
So the explosion didn't distress the snort for long.
Soon he was back at his favorite occupation, planning, but planning what?
Rome.
Yeah.
Rome.
Yeah.
Rome.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements, believing in sharing and
giving the movements.
They're always happy and goes at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
