here they are for one and all the movements are about to come on and sit down here with
me here for you on your TV they are the movements they are the movements so come with me give me your hand
I'll take you up to a movement land you can fly just like a bird sing that song ever there
with the movements there was the movements there was the movements
I'll take you up to a movement land you can fly just like a bird sing that song ever there
during the long winter in movement valley almost everybody living there hibernates until the sunshine
comes again in the spring but for some reason movement and little my woke up in the middle of it
we couldn't get back to sleep ah this is great I'm really starving I hope there's lots
oh there's plenty left no one thought she'd made too much this year but it's lucky for us she did
I don't know what we'd have to eat otherwise
shh they're still sleeping well at least you got me to play with movement
and that was fun what are you ever going to move in I'm probably a bit heavy for it so get
something else dummy I might later anyway I thought we were going to see tuteki come on I'll pull you okay
I know why you don't want to go move in you're scared of sliding down from the top aren't you
no of course I'm not
tuteki's not here I wonder where she's gone to that's her over there isn't it oh yeah I think it is
jay movement she looks like she's sliding sliding yes it's obvious she's sliding of course
she's coming over what were you going out there tuteki watching the sun go down
it's the only place you can see it from I just caught it for it disappeared over the horizon
where did it go to it comes up again in the south and we'll probably shine on snuff can
hey tuteki what are those things you got on your feet they're called skates and they're the
best thing possible for moving across the ice quickly just what I need come on show me how to do
it yes okay that's great I'm going to make myself some skates too it's not as easy as you think
little lie pathetic I need a sort of knife on your shoes and that sounds easy enough to me
you know it's strange but I've got a funny kind of feeling that there's someone else apart
from us in the bathhouse well there is who is it where are they little my you can't see them
huh what do you mean I can't see them where are they hiding in the cupboard no they're invisible look
I'll show you see that's two of the shoe mice there are eight of them all together now don't
walk on the line I didn't see any shoe mice here in the summer although if they're invisible I
wouldn't have done no probably not as in the summer when we come across new little animals that
we've never seen before and who likes snuffkin go away when the wind and snow comes then when the
days are shorter and everyone else is hibernating they come out and some are so shy they're invisible
and there I'm afraid I don't understand winter at all well of course you don't you moments have
always slept through and don't know very much about it oh I can't wait to tell mummer and
papa about all this they'll be really amazed
move in what is it we will wake up tomorrow won't we move in I'm sure we will why I just don't want to
go on sleeping and sleeping until spring well we woke up today so but we don't know about tomorrow
no of course not we'll have to wait and see if we're awake we'll know and if we're asleep then
it doesn't matter hmm well if I'm not awake and you are wake me up okay mummin is all right go to
sleep now what if it's the other way around mummin well what if I wake up and you're still fast
to sleep I don't mind sleeping all winter now stop talking to me you'd better wake me up or else
oh
hey little mine or have you gone to
oh
hello well wonderful place for skiing you've got here what are those funny things on your feet
hey what you're joking huh you mean you really don't know what these are that's why I'm asking
well they're skis didn't you see me come down yes I did can you slide on the ice with these and
go just as fast oh no on ice you have to use skates what is that young lady oh it's a snowboard
you slide on the snow with it
oh
that's not bad but it's only a silver tray isn't it that's right mister I'll teach you to ski
no thank you I'll learn by watching you won't take me long at all I'm afraid skiing is not that easy
young lady don't worry it will be for me everything is once I decide to do it
oh so you spend all year going where the snow is that must be tiring not at all life should
be a struggle this jam is really good does it always have to be winter catch a struggle in spring
and summer instead well no that would be too easy you could just sit back and relax no you've
got a face up to the cold and exercise to keep warm oh that sounds very interesting mr brisk
one clear cold bath a day keeps all those unnecessary thoughts away my own little poem
what you don't mean you swim in this weather do you the water must be very close to freezing
well the seas a lot colder than that it is frozen is there a river yes there is but the water
looks very very cold sounds just right have you got any more of this wonderful jam it's delicious
there's some more in the cellar but we've got cranberry up here if you'd like that no thanks
this will do for now I'd appreciate some after my daily swim it'll work up an appetite
can hardly watch it makes me shiver all over is everybody like you where you come from
uncrossively not ready to join me no thank you
hello what are you two looking at uh oh hello there little dog we're watching that madman down there
he looks like he's swimming moving valley is full of very odd people he's not from moving valley
as a matter of fact how are you i'm sorry you and i'm looking for my brothers i don't suppose you've
seen them have you your brothers have you lost them are they hibernating somewhere do you think
oh no not them they never do that well everyone else in moving valley is hibernating except little
my here i'm too tiki and the invisible mice me oh and that crazy person down in the river
my brothers are up in the lonely mountains is that far from here no not far lonely mountains
i know there are wolves up there but i never heard of any dogs
well wolves and dogs are brothers didn't you know
oh you know this tastes even better after an invigorating swim that's my favorite jam much
nice of the cranberry well i agree and doggie now don't you want your jam what no you have it
oh thank you now you look as though you're a bit worried about something yes i suppose i am
worries fat put it out of your mind why do you think your brothers are wolves did someone
tell you they were of course they are everyone knows that and besides i can feel the wolf in me
well you might feel it but nobody can see it for a star wolves are much bigger than you
i want to go and find them and then we can all hell at the moon i've been practicing
i can see why he wants to be a wolf but we'd better keep him here he could get hurt if he goes
up there on his own you don't really want to live with wolves do you oh i do very much
why don't you travel around with me sorry you i've got little dogs they could be your brothers
and sisters if you want well i don't know look i'm going to stay here in moment valley for a while
and we can become great friends you're going to stay here or yes marvelous slopes find swimming the
most wonderful jam and i'll do myself an igloo an igloo you mean a house made of snow yes that's
it exactly if it's all right with you moment i'll take this jam with me just to keep me going
hello there can i borrow your spade for a minute mr brisk of course what for my friend
i want to break up this barrel oh that's easy allow me little mine
how's that young lady
mr brisk really loves this jam he can't stop eating it
well it's very nice moment i can't imagine anyone not liking it
do you know how to ski too tiki well of course i do i just haven't done it yet
mr brisk says that he's gonna teach me oh i can't move my legs tied up like this
that's the whole point you don't have to you just move your skis easy is winking
first of all you have to learn how to fall properly
but if i learn to ski first then i won't move
little my husky too well they're just made from an old barrel yours are much more sophisticated
now then vangernie's and lean forward are you ready i don't think i like this it's too steep can i
practice on something a bit flatter well maybe next time now then off you roll
trying to start navel and movement you know i think this hill is even steeper than the last one
nothing to worry about you've already mastered falling down off you go
oh
oh stop me please you can do it yourself just calm down
oh look at that harvest you need
please someone stop me please
oh
that was terrific moment let's do it again
what are you looking at sorry you i can hear all my brothers howling out there
they're probably hungry and looking for food no i know they're calling me
i'm going to see them i've really got to a moment
got anything no night yet i'm afraid there's going to be trouble we're running out of jam
mr. brisk i suppose you can't stop eating it when you have to ask him to leave i can't do that
well of course you can it's your home and you can choose who you have
a snowstorm is sweeping through the valley usually a sign that spring is not far away
oh
Oh, hello, Mr. Brisk, look, I'm sorry, but all the jams gone.
And just an empty jar.
Oh well, never mind, it was a great jam, but I have more important things on my mind.
You see, now that spring is here, I have to leave, Moomin Valley.
Oh, do you?
Hmm, it's sad, but there you are, I have to go.
Goodbye, Moomin.
Goodbye, Mr. Brisk.
Keep some jam for me.
Uh.
Hello, I'm sorry, I'm your brother, I've wanted to be with you for a long, long time.
I'm afraid I'm not very braver strong, but if you'd let me stay with you.
Oh, don't you know me?
Looks like I was wrong.
Oh, well, go on. Eat me if you want to.
It's a pity I didn't sleep at night instead of learning to howl.
Mum and I was right, I shouldn't have come.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
I'm afraid I'm not going to sleep at night.
Hello little doggy, what are you doing here?
Have you been waiting for me?
We'll have a great time traveling around the world together.
Ah!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
See? Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ding! Ding, ding, ding! Ding! Ding, ding!
BAM!
That was spring breaking through the ice.
Look at the theme moment, it's free again.
Well, little my, get back.
Oh.
Oh my goodness.
Little boy, hang on to me.
Thank you, woman.
Let's go.
It's all right, women.
Don't panic, I'm with you.
You're okay.
Whoa.
It's all right, women.
Don't panic, I'm with you.
You're okay.
Whoa.
Oh.
Over there, women.
Quick, do.
See, if you do what I tell you, there's nothing to be afraid of.
Just trust me, women.
I'm always right, aren't I?
Yes, I know you are, little my, but we'd still better hurry.
Come on, you two, just a bit further.
Whoa.
Whoa.
It's cold in here.
Quickly, let's get inside and light a fire.
You'll soon warm up.
Phew.
And so Mr. Brisk and the ice both left woman valley
and spring returned once more after a long and eventful winter.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
