Here they are for one and all, the movements are about to come, come on and sit down here with me.
Here they are for you on your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a movement land.
You can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements, there were the movements,
there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements.
Captain Blood and his band of feared pirates had sailed the seas for many years,
but never could he remember a storm such as this.
He began to wonder whether his ship could withstand the battering and buffeting of the angry waves for much longer.
Alas, it is now too late to launch the lifeboat he thought, as he lashed himself to the wheel.
His voice rose against the wind.
Captain Blood can think of no better death than to journey to the bottom of the sea, losing the last battle against his old adversary.
But if only I could see the life of the young and beautiful princess who I rescued from the dupe scallion before a ciker,
I care not about the three chests of doubloons, two chests of jewels and 36 bales of the richest and most colorful silks,
but oh must she too perish in this terrible storm.
Is it a good book, Moonman?
Mmm, it's great.
What a terrible storm, it's not easing at all.
No.
I'm so glad I'm not on my own in a night like this.
I feel safe in Moonman's house.
Oh, what was that?
It sounded like a tree breaking.
Hey, Moonman.
Mmm, why don't you read your story out loud?
Oh, okay.
But can I start where I got to?
As long as you tell us what's happened before, we won't know what it's about, and we might have missed something important.
Just the main points will do, Moonman.
Well, there's this brave pirate.
It's so much fun when someone reads out loud.
Go on, Moonman.
Captain Blood.
And he and his men have captured a rich and royal gallery.
They've taken lots of gold, silver, and jewels and things.
And oh, yes, a princess too.
It's exciting, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
The storm that rose that night was so violent that at first,
it seemed inevitable the ship found before the waves had engulfed it.
Not bad, if I say so myself.
Captain Blood saw that the poor princess had indeed swooned.
With only the rats for company, how frightened she must have been down in the old.
The noise of the storm was deafening as the ship was thrown above under swirling sea.
The captain's brave heart went out to his young and beautiful captain.
Could I have some tea, Mama?
Of course, dear. Would you like me to bring it up to you?
No, thanks. I've finished for the day.
That's good. Shall we all have some tea and lemonade?
Yes, please. I'm very thirsty.
You read very well. Thank you, Moonman.
Great story, isn't it?
Could I have some strawberry juice, please, Mama?
Snork Maiden, when is your brother coming home?
Oh, he didn't say exactly.
But in a couple of days, I should think.
It was a good idea to let Snork make him stay while he was away.
Wasn't it, Papa?
Yes, it wouldn't be very nice to be all on your own at night in a storm like this.
Not at all.
She seems to be sinking.
She won't be able to hold out much longer.
We must get to the crew without delay.
How could we launch a boat in this weather?
Any survivors?
We haven't found anyone yet.
So what about further along the coast?
Any reports of survivors turning up?
No, I'm afraid not, Inspector. We haven't heard anything.
Well, tell me if you do.
Ah, Inspector?
Yes.
It seems to me it was a pirate ship that sunk.
What did you say?
Well, I'm pretty sure I saw the skull and crossbones flying from the mast.
And I think I caught sight of a cannon, but I could have been mistaken.
You must be joking.
I never joke.
I can't see anything.
It's too far away to make out any sort of skull and crossbones.
Try this.
Ah, you've got a telescope.
Now why didn't you let me have this before? It might have helped.
Oh!
Ah, that's it. She's gone.
I suppose that there aren't many pirate ships around today.
Any that are afloat must be so old that they'd probably break up easily.
That's if it was a pirate ship, but it sure looked like one right enough.
Nothing's been washed up on the shore yet.
No, not a thing.
Isn't it strange that I was reading that book about pirates yesterday?
They probably wouldn't be quite so romantic in real life.
Well, in the book they were really great. I wish I'd been one.
A pirate?
Yeah, what could be more exciting?
You can't mean that.
Oh, yes, I do. To sail across the seven seas, the holds of your ship's crowned with treasures.
But you'd have to steal the treasure from somebody first, so, Moomin.
Well, yes, all right. I suppose so.
But I wouldn't steal anything from anyone.
Then you're just a sailor. Not a pirate at all.
Moomin, Mama, do you know where Moomin is?
He's probably in Snuffkin's tent.
Oh, yes.
Nork Maiden, I have a letter for you.
Here you are. It's from the snork.
Oh, thank you. Wait a minute, little Mai.
I want to read Snork's letter.
Take your time.
Oh, what's the matter?
It's Snork. He's coming home today.
That's nice.
But Moomin, Mama, there's no food in the house at all.
Now, don't worry about that, Snork Maiden.
I'll whistle up some dinner for us, and Snork can tell us all about his trip.
Boom and Papa like that.
Oh, thank you, Mama. Snork doesn't like missing his meals.
He must have got the part sooner than he thought.
Ha! That's great news.
Then he should finish his flying ship soon, hey?
I guess so.
He should make it into a pirate flying ship.
I could be his first maid, and no one would be able to catch us.
Nobody at all!
Not here.
Oh, dear. I wonder where they've gone, little Mai.
There's nobody here.
Moomin probably wanted to go looking for an adventure.
I bet they went down to the beach to see if anything's been washed out.
At least the hangar's not been damaged.
Let's go down to the beach. We may find a treasure chest.
Huh?
What is it?
I just thought I heard something.
Where? From in there.
Hmm, weird.
Oh, I know. The snork must have come back.
Oh, yes. Snork. Of course.
Hello, Snork.
Oh, Snork? Are you in here?
Ah!
Snork me!
Put her down.
Oh, really? It was actually a pirate ship.
It was indeed Moomin, Papa, and we caught the pirates when they swam ashore.
Do you think you captured all of them, Inspector?
Well, of course, we don't know exactly how many there were to begin with.
Hmm, right.
We better barricade ourselves in Moomin's house just to be on the safe side.
Oh, dear. And I suppose I ought to stand guard over my greenhouse as well.
Lace me, ma'am. Come here, little panic.
Do let Snork me go. You'll be sorry. You great big hairy folly.
No, not in your life, though. It's just my hostage. I need her to make good my escape, ma'am.
Then you only have yourself to blame.
Hey, what?
Blame? Stay where you are now. I will not be bitten again.
Keep away, little cat.
Well, don't hurt her then.
Hurt her, you little shark. She's a hostage and I call me one of that.
She'll be my safe passenger. These rough waters are perished.
Well, then you better take me instead.
Because I'm much easier to carry.
You, huh? Nobody would care if I fed you slowly to the shrimps.
Oh, yes, lots of people. When you overstab win, ma'am.
All right, all right. Hold your head with gloomy down. Now, what's your name, girl?
I'm Lil Mai.
Well, I'm Captain Rumpod. Now, go and get whatever authorities you have in this backwater.
Hurry, my patience is short.
I'll only go if you promise that you won't hurt Snork Maiden.
Of course, I won't.
If I find that you've hurt her in any way at all, my revenge will be terrible.
All right, all right, all right.
Captain Rumpod, you are surrounded. Let Snork Maiden go.
Do you hear me, Captain?
To a gold button-land lover like you never.
She's a good-looking wench, fair skinned and nicely rounded.
Pirates prefer blondes. Give me a ship and you can have her back.
What do you say to let my buck-hole?
You're on your own, Captain.
We've got all your men locked up tight.
All me crew?
You're the last one. Now, let her go immediately.
Thank you for saving me crew. I feared they were all lost.
Don't thank me. They're all in jail.
Someone's saying it's the best place for them, but not me.
Now, let them out. I need them. And a proper ship.
Oh, with two masks and fifty cannon. And no tricks.
Else, it'll be worse for the girl.
This is too much.
The school for constables didn't tell us about this.
What should we do, Inspector?
Please get Snork Maiden away from him.
I'm afraid he'll hurt her and she'll be frightened.
I'm trying my best, but it's very awkward all this.
I've not come across anything like it before.
Oh, but it's not her fault that it's ship's anchor, Inspector.
I know, I know. Oh, dear, oh dear.
Oh, I should have been a gardener.
Hey, are you still there, you ruffian?
Let my men go and get my ship.
Two masks and fifty cannon mine.
Look, Captain Rumpod, I'm afraid that times have changed.
Sailing ships don't have cannon these days.
Shiver me timbers. How do you sink each other then?
I don't try to fool me. Remember, I've got the girl.
I think Moomin Papa has an old blender bus I'm sure he'll let you have.
I don't know if it'll work, though. That's all I've got.
I'm one of you, Peabrain. This is my final word, so listen well.
You have two hours to get the ship ready to sail and all my crew with her mine.
Or else I'll...
Now, don't worry, my pretty one. I won't harm a single hair on your head,
but I must have something to threaten them with.
Or else I'll feed her to the hungry shot.
Ah!
Oscar, I won't hurt you.
Are you sure?
Either I get my ship, Oak 50 cannon and at least two masters
you'll be food for lobsters. It's your choice, my hearty!
I should do it.
He sounds as if he'll do it, too.
Two hours, he says, the real feeder to the sharks. Oh, dear, oh, dear.
What will Snork say, oh, dear, oh, dear?
Ah!
I have a great idea, sir.
Why don't we climb onto the roof, drill a hole and then drop some on his head?
You know, Constable, I've always thought you were an idiot, now you've proved it.
Excuse me, Inspector.
If we set fire to the henna, then they'll have to come out, won't they?
Shut up! Why am I surrounded by fools?
Oh, this is no good.
I must calm down, I must calm down.
Captain Rumbot!
Can you hear me, Captain?
Ah-ha, you found a ship already, have you?
Well, no, there aren't any real sailing ships in Moomin Valley.
The chief Constable has a yacht.
He doesn't usually let anyone borrow it, but I'm sure in this case he...
I want something big enough to take me to the Spanish main!
I warned you!
Calm down, Captain. Calm down. Now just listen to me.
You haven't done anything wrong here. No pirating or such like.
So if you forget about the boat, we'll let you all go. Think about it.
Free to go anywhere you like, on foot, of course.
The fresh air, the sun on your face, no worry of shipwrecks, no storms at sea.
What do you think we are?
Huh, we're pirates, not highwaymen.
It's not so bad being a highwayman, you know.
There'll be lots of rich travelers on the other side of Lonely Mountain, I'm sure.
And lots of adventures with jewels and gold.
Day me with flagens are rubbing a chicken brain, nitwit!
Nitwit?
No, niggum poop, dumb bill! I'm Captain Rumpot!
You're making me very angry!
If I had you on my ship, you'd dangle from the yard. I mean, what the play?
The inspector's losing control. We had better call me down.
What the clank would I, and then Mike prison you'd get no butter on their breath,
and maggots on your biscuits?
Please calm down, Inspector.
The pilot's there!
All right!
Calm down, pick it easy!
Are you sure?
We water!
I'd see through it that the bread was milled!
That's 30 minutes gone already!
I warned you, gold button.
But now there is only one hour to her painful and horrible death!
Cheer up, snark maiden! Try and hold on!
We'll get you out!
Water!
Water!
Huh? What did you say?
Water, please. I'm so thirsty!
Water?
Nasty stuff, still.
Hey, land lovers!
Compliments to the galley! The young lady wants a drink!
All right, captain. I'm coming, smart maiden.
I'll take it, Inspector.
It's too dangerous. You must leave it to us now, moment.
Just a minute, Inspector.
I think we should let moment go, and I've got an idea that just might work.
Snuff him!
It'll take an awful lot of courage, and you'll have to do it all on your own.
Do you think you can do it, moment?
Of course.
This place made me raise what's taken him so long, keeping a young lady waiting.
It's all right. I really don't mind waiting.
Tell you the truth. I can do it and drink myself.
It's thirsty work, shun an idiot policeman. Don't you worry, little one.
They'll be here soon.
Get me a drink, too, you hear, and quick about it!
I've brought you something to drink, captain.
All right, come on, then. And no funny stuff.
Don't worry. I'm on my own.
Have you done a drink for me, too?
Yes, captain.
All right, stay there and put down the tray.
The bigger one is for you, captain, and the little one for snark maiden.
Now move away.
And for enough, stay there.
Hmm. Why is it so red?
Well, it's strawberry juice. It's very good.
I'll be polite. She can drink from this one, and I'll have hers.
But, captain, there's not enough for you in the small one.
Strawberry juice isn't exactly my favorite tip of your know.
No, the small one will do.
Here you are, young lady.
No, no snark maiden. Please, don't drink it.
Why not, my young bucko? It's not poison, is it?
Don't be silly. Poisoned? Oh, no, no.
Perhaps a sleeping potion.
Hmm. As I thought, I deemed in mighty strange that two cups were prepared.
You drink it.
Oh, no, no, no, sir. I'm not thirsty at all.
What's the matter, me lad? You said the drink wasn't poison, didn't you?
So drink.
No, man.
Ah, you're her swing, are you?
I shall never understand women anyway. One of you will have to drink it, and now.
Not her. I'll do it. I'll do it. Give it to me.
No, woman, don't. There's something in it. You'll be poisoned.
It's all right, snark maiden. It's nothing dangerous. Don't worry about me.
I'll drink it.
That's it. Drink up again.
Down the hatch, me lad.
You're lucky and wasn't poisoned.
Yeah.
And no sleeping potion, neither?
Oh, no, nothing at all. Nothing.
Oh, woman. Oh, no, woman.
You're not my pretty one.
Your wimpy little bow is just taking a nap. You'll be right as rain's soon.
And he thought he could fool me.
Me, Captain Rumpot, the cheek of it.
Well, I'll have the other one.
Not bad.
No, I'm sorry, young lady. They'll have to bring you another.
Shall we order one without the draft? They'll be surprised when they see me still on my pins.
Why do I not sleep at all?
Let's go and give my surprise.
Help!
Oh, woman!
A woman!
It's all right. I'm okay snark maiden.
There's nothing in this drink. Would you like some?
A woman, you mean you?
Well, I was pretending. So I convinced you too, huh?
A woman!
Captain Rumpot didn't wake up that day, or the next.
And when he did, he had a terrible headache, which served him right.
The inspector let all the pirates go after a week.
Well, they hadn't done any pirating in Moomin Valley.
And wouldn't be doing any either. Not without a ship.
I'm sorry.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day. The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day. The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
