Here they are for one and all. The movements are about to come. Come on and sit down here with me.
Here for you on your TV they are the movements. They are the movements.
So come with me give me your hand. I'll take you up to a moment land. You can fly just like a bird. Sing that song ever.
There were the movements. There were the movements. There were the movements. There were the movement.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
It's your father's old girlfriend, of course never. Oh, I'm sure he had dozens and dozens
Moomin Papa was a very kind and handsome young man a voice from the past
Moomin Papa liquid. I've got for you
Oh, no, I was
Moomin Mama, I think you should go back to the kitchen. Whatever for a little
My because Moomin Papa's stormy youth is catching up with him. Please Papa tell us it's not that kind of letter
Whatever it was it was a long time ago long before I ever met you
No, it's not that kind of letter
What sort of letter is it then? Oh much worse. It's from Aunt Jane. Who's that?
Mine my dear is on my father's side. Oh, how boring. You look very pale suddenly dear
Yes, because she's coming for a visit tomorrow. Oh, don't worry. There's plenty of time for arranging a welcome party
But I don't like her and I don't want it to come for a visit
Moomin Papa, why not? Well, you'll soon see she's very rich very rich
Yes, and she bosses everyone and we won't have a moment of peace. Oh, maybe she's so rich. She'll give us all wonderful presents
Goodness, this is so unexpected. Why is she coming here all of a sudden? Oh
She says she wants to discuss money matter as good heavens with me. She says there's no one else
So you see I'm in a very difficult situation. Oh, why can't you tell if you're not an expert
You don't tell Aunt Jane things. She tells you when that's that is not explained when you meet her
You'll know exactly what I mean
What do I know about money matters nothing? Not surprising since we've never had any
How can she expect a poor creature like you to know anything about money? Also, she's very very suspicious
And she says money is a terrible burden
Oh, I wouldn't mind shouldering her burden
Maybe you'll inherit it, and then we could share the money and have a wonderful time together
Hey
This time I almost did it
So
Moving Papa has a rich and very interesting
Yes, she's got so much money. She doesn't know what to do with it all. Oh
So snorke, why don't you ask her to invest in your flying ship? You'll need money to rebuild won't you?
It would be a great investment for her. It certainly would be. I'm sure she jump at it. Hmm
There'd be no harm in asking, I guess
Oh
What's the matter, Mr. Hemiellen? You look so unhappy
I'm stuck that's my problem. How's that?
Stuck in my research this magnifying glass is very good, of course
But I just can't get any further with my botanical research with this old-fashioned equipment
What I really need is a microscope and a laboratory
And they're expensive, I guess. Yes, they are and I don't have any money
Well moment Papa's aunt is coming over tomorrow and I know she's got any amount of money
Any amount?
I'll get her to finance you, Hemiellen and we'll get a big greenhouse and you'll grow orchids and roses and other things
And then we'll sell them. Oh, I'll get rich. You too
Hey, you over there. Hmm. Are you talking to me? Of course I am. Who else?
I said you know the way to move in a house young man. Yes, she might say I do show me where it is then
Over there. It's tall and blue. Just follow that stream and you can't miss it
Good would you be kind enough to take my suitcase? I'm sorry. I can't. I'm too busy
I'll reward you handsomely for your efforts. Think again young man
But all I want to do is fish
What you don't want money
I heard you were coming to visit moment papa. You're in Jane, aren't you? Oh well
Please to meet you. I'm here to take you to moment house. Is this your suitcase?
Wow, this suitcase is very heavy. Should they? It's full of golden coins
I can't stay in this house. I don't think I can take Aunt Jane. I'm going to hide out in the cave until she's gone
Oh
Bye-bye, Lindaer
Careful now, Aunt Jane. The banks have been slippery here and there
Around house house stupid typical of my nephew
Welcome to moment house Aunt Jane
Welcome Aunt Jane
I'd like you to meet us on moment
Please to meet you
She's very small for a daughter. Oh little my isn't ours. She just lives here and I won't get any bigger either
She's like a member of the family and was my worthless nephew. Why isn't he here? Oh
Well, he's a not a is he not at home? Well, no when will he be back? I don't know
He's away looking for inspiration for his work. So he won't be back for a while since when has he worked?
I'm here to see him. Maybe you can see me instead. What a splendid idea. How clever of you, movement
Ridiculous. He knows nothing about money in that case. It is high time. He learned as for his father
I may still disinherit him
I'm a member of his family too. I could talk to you about money matters. Really? Oh sniff is a great friend of mine
Hmm
But hardly a member of the family
Hello moment and you must be on Jane. I brought my brother to snark with me. He wanted to meet you
This is Aunt Jane be nice to
Welcome to Moomin Valley and Jane. This is my lovely sister snort maiden who is moving special friend
The snorts and the movements may one day be related so in a way we're all really family
You maybe but not to me
I'm an inventor and due to an accident. I'm looking around for a sponsor a golden opportunity for anyone with some loose capital
Welcome to Moomin Valley and Jane
I'm him milling a botanist of note. I heard that you might be willing to fund my scientific research and chain a golden opportunity for anyone with some spare money
You'd like me to fund your research
It was my idea if we built a greenhouse and grow rare orchids and roses we can make a lot of money
And you'll make a lot of money young man. I have a lot of money already
Oh, hasn't sniffed discuss this with you ma'am. You sniffed
Well, I was just getting around to it, Hamilton. Confusing
When I am famous for my botanical research and Jane, I don't know that will ever happen
This is very confusing indeed for me now. You're snork maiden a friend of movement is that right?
Oh, no, I'm the snork snort maiden's brother. I'm a friend of Moomin at Jane. Did you really explain about my important research sniff?
Did you really explain that I'm a member of the family?
Hey, she got it. So, Jane would be great if you weren't a member to make your own coin coin everyone
Here's your room, Jane. I do hope you'll be comfortable here. Just call if you need anything
Oh
Come out
Here's your suitcase. It was very heavy. Thank you
And him
What is it you want a reward? No, no, Jane. I mean, yes, I do but
Uh
Which is it will you make up your mind young man? I know where Moomin Papa is right now. He's a whale on a trip
I know. No, no. He's somewhere quite near quite near here. Well, where is he?
Moomin Papa said not to tell you where he's hiding. It's a secret. A secret? Yes
I suppose I can tell you but he'll be very angry. Where is he? Tell me now. Oh, well
If I tell you I'm taking a big risk
Oh, very well. How much do you want? I'll leave that to you
Oh
Thank you for the information now you shall have your reward held out your hand
Oh
Is that all until I've seen him for myself with my own eyes. Yes
Huh
Oh, there's nobody here. Where is my worthless nephew? This is very strange
You tricked me haven't you? Well, no, I swear I would never do that
You certainly deserve no reward
Uh, but no way if we just look around we'll find him. He's in here somewhere. I know it. Hey, Moomin Papa, I got rid of her
Moomin mom. Yes, Aunt Jane. What is it? Tell me where my nephew is hiding
Well as I said before I want to know the truth
There he he's now let me see
Come on hurry up
He's hiding in the cave down by the beach. I've just been there Moomin Mama and I can't find him
Then he really must have gone away on a trip and why should he want to hide from me anyway
I think he might be a little bit afraid of you afraid of me afraid of his own hand
But why mostly he's afraid of money matters
Incredible
Afraid of me because of money matters
He must be utterly mad
What a family
I don't understand
It seems that only Smith knows anything about money
I know where Moomin Papa is right now
So you want some of my gold who do you young lady?
I couldn't care less about your silly gold
My silly gold indeed
With silly gold, I assure you you can do just anything you want
Seems to me your silly gold doesn't even help you to find Moomin Papa
Hmm? I think you should forget about your money
Young lady, money isn't something you can just forget about
It needs constant looking after
That's why I must talk to Moomin Papa at once
Now take me to that rascal nephew of mine
If you really know where he is, do you hear me?
Do you hear me?
Oh yes, I do
Do you hear me?
Of course
Oh wow frivolous
Not really, if I could find a small enough boyfriend
I'd be frivolous just like them too
Oh well, Frederick and I were frivolous once
Really? If you say so
I suppose I have to believe you
Fuck
What? Little May and Anne Jane walking together
What are they doing?
Little May is plotting something
Really?
Moomin?
Sniff's all right really
But sometimes he just can't withstand the lure of gold
Check me
No, we can't be right
Let's go back then
Fine, just take your time
Hi guys
Little May, what's the matter?
We have a guest
A guest
Moomin Papa
What?
Moomin Papa
Oh, so this is where you've been hiding?
Oh, what else?
You just wait
Oh, you shoot
Oh, I have seen Moomin
Wait a minute
No, you wait first
Wait a minute
Wait please
Moomin Papa was sort of on his way back from a trip
and then stopped by to play chess with me
Yes, exactly
No, yes, Moomin Mama told her the truth
Oh, I sort of stopped by
Why are you so afraid of me, young man?
Well, I'm not really
I mean, it's not you
It's your money, I'm afraid of it
Really scares me
Scared of my money?
Well, I know
It's perfectly good money at all in gold coins
Listen, nephew, I'm depending on you as my only relative
Yes, yes, please depend
When I get too old to do it, you must look after my gold for me
I'm relying on you
No, that's not possible
I know, and Jane, we can give it all away
Must be those who'd love to have it
Must be those who need it more than we do
Oh, and green
Oh
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
Ah
She's crazy
Don't worry, we'll think of something
Oh, you would throw my money away without a cut
Why didn't mean to hurt you, Jane?
I know, let's put it all in the bank
Money likes being in the bank
My money would hate being in a back of a terrible idea
Oh no, banks are so nice nowadays
Of course, they have flowers and shiny piggy banks and pretty paintings on the wall
Is that really true?
Right, come on everybody
Let's hurry home and fix a welcoming party for Jane
Yes, any reason is good enough
This was Grandma's best cake recipe, welcome at Jane
Let's drink a toast to the only millionaire in our small circle
May she live a long and healthy life, cheers, cheers
Now, this is your welcoming party at Jane, what's the matter?
Never in my life of I and my money felt ourselves as welcome before
I'm so happy I could cry
And once you start crying, you just want to go on
Please don't be unhappy, Jane, don't cry
Oh, dear, mum and Papa
Mum and Papa
Yes, Jane, what is it?
I'll put some of my gold in a bank, but you must look after the rest when I'm too old
Oh, hmm
And why not?
All right, we'll keep it in the cellar and make a nice little niche for it with seashells and moss
Someone go down and look at it every week, don't you worry, Jane, your money will be in safe hands
Not quite, but I had in mind
I know
But I suppose it can't be helped
It sounds rather nice, a cozy little niche down in the cellar
And if you take a look every week, but oh dear, it will miss me
Oh, and Jane
Very well, I have made up my mind
Leaving this sickest with you now, so you and my gold can get certain used to each other
Do what you want with it, your friends seem to have ideas about how to spend it
Flying ships and botanical research sound rather splendid
Oh, oh, wonder
I'm so happy for you
Darn, I should have let us up better than flowers
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
So ended the visit of the dreaded Anne Jane
And I'm sure Sniff will be able to think of some other use for the gold
They love the laughter, and they love the living, the movements
We're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements
They're always happy and always at play
The movements are having fun day after day, the movements
The movements, the movements
