here they are for one and all the moments are about to come on and sit down here with me
they're here for you on your TV they are the moments they are the moments
so come with me give me your hand i'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just like a bird
sing that song ever there were the moments there were the moments
there were the moments there were the moments
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye
About what is this it looks like movement as restless as if something has disturbed him I wonder what he was dreaming about
I wonder what time it is oh it nearly 20 after 2
I wonder whether it's morning or afternoon.
It doesn't really matter, I suppose.
Oh, it stopped.
Oh, it's frozen.
It looks really dark out there.
Mama, Mama, please wake up.
Papa, Papa.
Mama, Mama.
Mama, what's wrong with me? I feel way too weak.
It's very odd. I don't usually wake up when I'm hibernating.
Oh, dear. The whole house is buried in snow.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, Papa!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
This doesn't look like Moomin Valley.
And it's so quiet.
What was that?
Perhaps I better go home.
No, what's the matter with me?
Everyone's asleep, and the furniture's all covered up,
and Moomin's don't give up.
Oh, I wish Northkin were here.
He's probably in the far south where it's warm and sunny.
I wonder what that is.
Oh.
That sounds like...
Oh, yes, it's little Mai.
By the bobble, what are you doing here, Moomin?
What am I doing here?
I heard strange noises and came to see what it was.
Then you crashed into me like an avalanche,
and I've just lifted the box off you.
Oh, don't be stupid, Moomin.
I mean, why are you out in the snow and not hibernating like the others?
Spring's not for ages.
Oh, I don't know. I just woke up and couldn't get back to sleep.
But what about you, sliding about like that, you should be asleep too.
Yes, I should, but I just woke up as well.
Probably to look after you.
I tried to wake my stupid sister, but she kept on snoring.
But I think this snow is really great.
Well, I don't. It's cold, it's slippy, much too bright,
and it's everywhere and far too quiet.
I saw the grok.
Wow, that horrible freezing monster.
She should feel at home in this, and there's no point in her trying to freeze anything.
I saw her on the hill.
Then it was her voice, I heard.
Yes, and the trouble with the horror thing is that she's so cold,
I wouldn't even want to touch her, Moomin.
It's her!
Oh!
I'm getting cold shivers all over.
Wow, why do you expect in the snow?
No, it's the grok's fault. She's done it.
Look at my skin, it's all goose bumpy.
It's not like that in the summer, it's smooth, not lumpy.
It's not the snow that makes me feel so cold, it's her staring at me.
I'm scared.
That was great.
Good, isn't it?
You can have as much as you like.
We picked more raspberries than ever this year,
and Mama made lots of juice.
Thanks.
Oh.
Ah!
I want that.
Mama's silver tray?
Yeah.
What do you want it for?
To slide on the snow with a coarse stupid.
But it's a sort of family treasure and heirloom.
Well, you never use it and it's so shiny.
It'll make a great sled and go really fast.
Doesn't look like they'll wake up till spring.
They're lucky, they're still sleeping.
I think it's very unfair that I woke up like this.
So, what should we do now?
I want to go look at the sea.
Good idea.
At least that won't be covered in snow.
I bet the great cold was just like this.
Oh no!
What's the matter?
I forgot the tray.
Never mind.
You couldn't use it as a boat anyway and it would sink.
Yes, you could.
What?
How?
Oh look!
There's the sink!
But it's all frozen.
So we'll be able to slide on it.
What's that over there?
Huh?
Huh?
Doe ticky!
Hello, you too.
You're not hibernating, either?
Oh, no. I haven't got time to spend four months sleeping.
Why not? Little Mayan, I just woke up and now we don't know what to do.
I'm sure you can think of something.
You suppose so?
I've never seen the sea frozen before.
Did you make that horse too, Tiki?
Yes, I did.
Can I sit on it?
No, you can't. I need it for the lady of the cold.
Oh, I see.
I suppose you've heard of her.
Yes, she's very beautiful, but if she looks into your eyes, you're turned into a block of ice.
She's not a very nice lady.
That's right, Little Mayan.
Spring can never come while she's here.
It waits for her to go.
Oh, I see.
And are you hoping she'll ride away on this horse, then?
Yes, and it will take her back to the north, where she stays until she comes here again next winter and drives the sun away.
The horse doesn't look very solid to me, Tiki.
Well, that's why I'm going to pour water over it when it gets really cold and then it'll be solid.
When is the lady of the cold coming?
You can never tell, but soon, tonight, perhaps, it feels much colder already.
What's happened to the sun, Tiki?
Do you know when the sun will come back again?
It's in the south, shining on snuffkin, but it'll be back soon, and then it will stay a bit longer each day.
Good, I can't wait.
Now, there'll be a full moon tonight, and we'll be able to see everything.
Great, I can get my tray up.
I can't wait to try it on the sea.
What do you mean, your tray?
Well, let's move in, Mama's tray, but I'm using it.
I'm going to put a sail on it and slide across the ice.
Why not wait till tomorrow?
Wait until tomorrow?
No.
When I want to do something, I do it now.
What if the ice suddenly melts or something?
I like it here.
It's warm and cozy.
I hope Mom and Papa doesn't mind me using it.
This is Papa's bathhouse.
He built it himself, and he'd be very glad to know you're using it.
It's great.
The window paints a different colors.
If you look out through one, the world is red, and through another one, the world is green.
Oh, you don't hibernate either, do you?
Now scram, the horrible lady of the cold is coming and if she looks you in the eye, you'll
turn to ice.
Go on, go away.
Moomin, two-tiggy, Moomin, Moomin, do-tiggy, where are you?
Little Mike, we're over here, huh?
What are you doing down there?
Do-tiggy's trying to catch some fish.
If she does, she's going to cook us some dinner.
Right.
I've got to get sailing, man.
I'd better go see what she's doing to Mama Silver Trey.
Okay.
Ah, got one.
Oh dear, me.
It's cold and wet under that ice.
How are you doing, Little Mike?
Very well, thank you.
How can you get under the ice anyway?
I guess the water must be low and there's a gap left there.
Oh, how?
I don't know, but perhaps the tide was in when the sea froze and some of it got stuck to the shore.
Oh, I suppose it's possible.
Do-tiggy told me that she has fish soup every day in the wintertime.
I know.
I'll go see if the horse is frozen yet.
Make sure you shut the door behind you.
Oh, my thumb!
I don't think it's hard enough yet.
It'll collapse if the lady of the cold gets on it now.
Oh, it's getting colder and colder.
Oh, it's getting colder and colder.
Oh, it's getting colder and colder.
The grog.
Don't tell me you want to ride the horse.
I don't think you'd better.
This is for the lady of the cold, you know.
There's no telling what she'd do to you.
Look you in the eye, probably.
Even the grog is frightened of the lady of the cold.
Ah, now it looks frozen.
Wee!
Yee-hee!
Wee!
Great, isn't it, movement?
Yeah, that old tree really moves.
Wanna go?
No, thanks, I'm too big.
Come on, now the fish soup is ready and it's time you were inside, little my.
Keep it warm for me, I'm having another go.
No, little my.
Why not?
Have you forgotten what I told you the lady of the cold may be coming?
Oh.
Well, I want to see her, I'm not scared of her.
I'll be moving so fast she won't get a chance.
No, now listen to me, little my.
All you have to do is not let her look you in the eye.
But what happens if you're not quick enough and she catches you before you turn away?
I know, if we watch her from the bathhouse, she won't see us.
Please, little my.
Come in, she's almost here.
We can watch it from inside.
That's no good, I want to see her properly.
No, little my.
Don't go.
Don't go.
Come back, little my.
Oh dear.
Come on, let's get back in the cabin before it's too late.
Wee!
Mom, mom, mom.
Oh, the lady of the cold.
I saw her face, I saw her face.
I saw her and she didn't turn away to eye.
Press little my to get away with it.
I don't know how she does it.
I think her nerves are made of steel.
I hope she's on her face.
I saw her face, I saw her face.
I saw her and she didn't turn away to eye.
I think her nerves are made of steel.
I hope she's alright.
She should try not to make so much noise out there.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, I know her face.
I know her face.
I know her face.
I know her face.
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, Mom, we, oh, now just out there.
So wait a while.
This is it.
Little boy.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Little my.
Little my.
Come on, please.
Wake up, please.
Oh, please, don't stay frozen, little my.
Don't worry, little my.
We'll thought you out.
Don't worry.
It's nice and warm here.
Let's go.
Ow!
That's hot, moment.
Praise the bull, Bob.
You come back.
So little my came back from the cold.
Little the worse for where.
The movement need not have worried.
For the little mysers world are practically indestructible.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
