here they are for one and all the moments are about to come on and sit down here with
me there for you on your TV they are the moments they are the moments so come
with me give me your hand I'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just
like a bird sing that song ever there were the moments there were the
moments there were the moments there were the moments
snort maiden was in a very good mood because that day she was off to collect
shells of the seizure with me
hey look the sun's up and there's Gracie
oh rat what's the matter papa oh it's your moment what are you doing I heard you
talking to yourself just now oh you see this I'm writing a play writing a
play you remember the last children that was a very successful play just now I
was repeating a line hey look another beautiful day and there goes Gracie it's a
wonderful line of course don't you agree it could be improved I think about it
haha
look at this beautiful
you know just usual like stuff
Oh! There's another big one! Can't you really find anything, moment?
I'll look somewhere else. I still think this is the best place!
Well, I'm going over there!
They're so beautiful!
Oh!
What are you doing, moment?
No, that's no shell surely.
No. So why did you dig it out?
Well, once you see it, you want to find out what it is.
A very odd thing, isn't it?
Not very interesting.
Oh no, I can see what it is.
I gave it a good wash.
I've seen one just like it in the fairy tales. It's an old clam.
Yes, you remember the story called Aladdin? He rubbed the lamp and the genie appeared.
The genie might appear for us if we do what Aladdin did.
Don't be silly, Snork Maiden.
But Snork Maiden, that was a fairy tale.
Don't laugh! I just want to make absolutely sure.
To tell you the truth, I've already tried it. My hands turned green. That's all that happened to me.
Maybe you didn't do it the right way. You can't even whip cream properly.
And I'm sure you have to say some magic words, such as apricot dapura, spirit, come forth, apricot dapura, try for all your words.
You've chosen the wrong words. You should say, come out, say some of your something.
Oh my goodness! Oh my goodness! Keep going, Snork Maiden!
Oh!
I am the spirit of the lamp. What is your command?
Goodness, did you come out of this lamp?
You got it.
So you really are the spirit of this lamp?
Always have been.
But I have the book and you're not him.
I can prove it if you're quite sure you want me to.
By all means, it probably wasn't a good picture.
I'm the one and only spirit of the lamp.
Oh, then you must have the power to make any wish come true, is that so?
Are we certainly but not yours?
But I'm the one who'll dug you out.
That's not so important, kid. She's the one who summoned me forth from the lamp.
What are we going to do about this spirit?
Why? Ask for something. Ask for something you've always wanted.
Let's see. A pearl necklace.
Sorry, may your wishes, my command.
Hey, wait a minute.
Oh, a pearl necklace is only one of the things I wanted I hadn't decided yet.
Don't worry, Snork Maiden. I guess you can always send it back.
If I like the necklace, then it's your turn to rub the lamp.
Then you can wish for whatever you've always wanted.
Yes. But where exactly did you rub the lamp?
Right here and very, very slowly.
All right, I'll say spirit come forth.
It sounds a little better than come out spirit.
One royal necklace, Miss.
Thanks.
This is incredible.
Right, I do think this is exactly what I wanted.
Oh, thank you ever so much.
All in a day's wake. So pleased to oblige, Miss.
Are you going back into the lamp?
Yes, I am.
I'm so happy. Now it's my turn to let you out of here.
I'd like to have a wish granted too, please.
Now, wait a minute.
If getting in and out is a bother, why don't you let me give you my wish right now?
You can't do it, young man. One at a time in the face to call.
Just wanted to save time.
Impossible, young say.
But why?
Because I am only able to fulfill one wish a week.
I need my rest. It's hard work, you know.
Oh, well, of course it's tiring.
Perhaps I expected too much from you.
Hold on. I wouldn't like you to think that I haven't got the power.
I can do many extraordinary things.
What kind of things?
Not telling you.
Listen, moment, we won't tell a soul about this lamp, all right?
Of course not.
No, names don't really matter.
Tulip Hydrangea, who cares?
No, that's not right somehow.
Dranium Vox Glob.
Oh, I'm so tired.
Hmm.
Praise the lad and I didn't tell them I can get out at night.
I'd have no peace at all.
My leisure time would be totally ruined by these two.
Good thing also I can read their minds so I know what I'm up against.
They're up to something I know they are.
Oh, yes, dear me, dear me.
No wonder the young man is worried to death.
She wish I better rewrite this.
Oh, Edgur Edgur, I do wish you was somebody else.
This will certainly have to be changed.
The whole page, really.
What's going on here?
Who did this?
Mum, not you surely.
What?
And some rascals have been rewriting my play.
Who could that possibly be?
Who indeed in the middle of the night while I was asleep.
It's very strange, isn't it, Papa?
It can't be you, Mum, can it?
Of course not, Papa.
I am upset.
Who can it be?
Imagine going into your study while you were fast asleep.
It's very rude, isn't it?
I find it incredible that anyone could do such a thing.
And all the rewriting was done on those bits that I knew weren't perfectly polished.
Listen, dear, I'm sure they were far too good for him to improve on.
No, no, you're wrong. That's the worst thing.
I must admit he did improve them.
Then I think you should feel pleased, dear.
No, I'm not a bit pleased.
The dramatist should write his own plays.
Looks great, Snork Maiden.
That is, if you like necklaces.
Thank you, Little Mai. It was given to me as a present.
Rather nice.
Would you mind if I tried it on for a minute?
Of course not. I'm sure you'll look gorgeous.
I suppose in time one could get to like necklaces.
I could ask for a similar one for you.
Deepers, who's your rich friend?
Yes, I searched the whole house, but I can't find it anywhere.
Someone must have stolen it.
Don't worry, Mrs. Philly-Johnk. I fully expect to arrest the thief any minute now.
Good afternoon, Inspector.
Hello, Snork Maiden.
Please hurry, Inspector. The thief has almost certainly left Moomin Valley already.
Oh, dear, oh, dear. Nothing is safe in this valley anymore.
Now calm down, Mrs. Philly-Johnk.
Did you just say you've had something stolen, Mrs. Philly-Johnk?
My pearl necklace. Extraordinary beautiful pearls.
87 of them. Looks just like the one you're wearing, Little Mai.
You stole it.
Did you?
Oh, oh, no!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Stop!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Rest your heart.
Prove the river she's a baby. She's innocent.
Little via the ocean.
The smallest cruxer up in the most funny adventure.
This is Snork Maiden's necklace, you know.
Oh, that's very funny.
Is that the best explanation you can think of?
No one calls Little Mai a thief and gets away with it.
Is it really true that this is your necklace, Snork Maiden?
Of course, Inspector. It was a present. I swear it.
Who gave it to you?
That's a secret between me and Moomin.
A secret?
That's a lie. They stole it, Inspector.
I've never known them to lie before, Mrs. Philly-Johnk.
You're back from a very bad background.
You should see their home.
So right!
No, I see it.
Stop it, Little Mai!
Bad background and you talk to them.
There you say that.
No, there's something I want to ask you.
Little Mai, what are you doing?
No!
The boy has to be a pain, you know.
This is it.
I love to know who did this.
He's certainly got an act with words.
Huh?
Listen to this. This is a good example.
Hey, look at the sky. The sun's up and there's Gracie.
That's not great. Sounds very ordinary.
That's what I wrote, Snorkin.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
That's all right. Now listen to how he rewrote it.
But soft, what light through yonder window breaks?
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon
who is already sick and pale with grief.
What a sunrise!
And note how clever this writer is to change her name from Gracie to Juliet.
Gracie's worried because her parents don't approve of her love Edgar.
I had his names don't matter.
Tulip, I'd rangers who cares.
But listen to this.
What's in a name?
That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
It's much more romantic.
I got it.
So Romeo would.
Well, he not Romeo called.
Oh, it's simply great.
Except maybe I wouldn't have mentioned his smell.
Don't you agree? He's an excellent playwright.
Yes, I agree.
He sounds like a very promising playwright.
And then wordy perhaps, but really good.
Very good indeed.
Write him a note asking him to carry on.
And there might not be necessary.
You know, all the changes were made in the middle of the night
while I was fast asleep.
And usually writers are in their beds,
none of their desks when they're asleep.
Well, yes, that's the only time you're not at your desk, isn't it?
But there are people you know who walk about at night
without remembering about it the next morning.
Sleepwalkers, you mean?
Now I come to think of it.
You were rather sleepy when you woke up this morning.
You're right, Mum and Mama, even sleepier than usual.
Just so.
You mean you yourself got up at night
and then went and rewrote the play and you're asleep?
Well, yes.
I have been worried about some minor things in my play.
So my subconsciousness, fairly rich and literary talent,
as we all know, comes to the rescue.
A moment, Papa.
And in my sleep, my imagination runs riot.
I have all sorts of good ideas that make me grab a pen
in the middle of the night and rush to my room
to let the real skill throw.
I got it!
I got it!
I got it!
With this I can have anything!
I can do anything!
Stop!
Stop!
When I say stop, you have to stop!
The inspector!
How can you put on the already?
And we've arrived when you want to get lost!
Get lost yourself!
I don't have time for you!
The inspector's chasing me!
What?
You?
Stop, little boy!
I'm the inspector!
You have to stop when I say so!
He's not chasing me, huh?
Don't deny it!
I know why you're running!
You stole that thing, didn't you?
I know it, too!
That's gonna be your business!
It's not yours!
But it must be somebody!
So I'm making my business in it to me!
Oh, is that me?
Please!
Stop loosening everything!
Give it back to me!
Hey, that looks like the lamp we found!
Chase him!
It's better not be!
Hello!
Oh, man!
Stinky's got our magic lamp!
Let after him!
Yes!
We can't let him get away with it!
Or terrible!
Please let it happen!
Did you hear that?
That's enough here, no!
He said magic lamp or something!
After him!
The magic lamp is mine!
Just leave me alone!
Where are you going, Stinky?
Help me get the necklace!
No, no, no, no!
This way!
He's got me!
Oh!
Get him!
Get him!
He's got me!
Oh, man!
Get him!
Get him, man!
Give him!
Oh!
Oh, my dear!
He's coming!
He's coming!
Oh!
You're the spirit of the lamp, aren't you?
Yes, my master.
What is your wish?
You his master?
Yes, me!
I'm the master.
I let him out, so he'll do what I say.
I don't believe a word of this.
Fairy tales aren't true.
Maybe it isn't true, but it works.
I saw Snorkmaiden wishing for a pearl necklace
and her wish was granted.
Uh-huh.
So you're responsible.
Yeah, and I brought it right away.
God, now let me see.
What do I want more than anything in the world?
Stinky, he can only make one wish a week come true.
You'll have to wait your turn.
No, that's very unfair.
Let's get back to the necklace.
Where did you steal it from, mister?
I don't steal.
Well, then tell me where you found it.
Around here somewhere.
Mrs. Philly John's house, baby.
I don't know who lives there.
Oh, then you did steal the necklace.
Well, that's a lot easier, you know.
How about a magic key that can open anything,
bolts and safes and stuff, huh?
Listen, there's something I'd like to ask you.
A sack of gold wouldn't be half as much fun
as a key that opens anything.
Tell me, is it possible that you rewrote women poppers play?
Yes, I did. It was really awful.
Oh, come on, now I just needed some polishing.
And what's more, see this young man standing here?
Well, he was really worried about your play, you know?
I was just trying to help.
Is this true?
Yeah, safer than mercury, of course.
But then there's professional pride to think of.
I can explain, Papa.
I saw you weren't happy about your play
and I wanted it to be a big success.
Of course, I didn't want the spirit to write it himself.
I'm going to take the key, yeah!
I've just realized, everybody,
the spirit didn't write all that himself.
I've heard it before.
I thought it sounded familiar.
Is that so?
Yes, he stole it from a play by somebody else.
This spirit is a cheat and a liar.
Oh, dear me.
Well, I can't help being so well read.
Can I go back in the lamp now?
No! Wait! Don't go yet!
I want next week's list now!
Sorry, Mastic Interblind.
Have them put into an impossible situation.
See you next week!
But that's ridiculous!
Not next week, nor next month, or even next year.
Stinky, this lamp is not yours.
Besides, I know exactly the sort of thing you'd ask for.
A master key or something.
You think you can hide that magic lamp from me, do you?
Well, there's no hiding place good enough for that.
Hmm.
Well, then I really do think that lamp is a bit too dangerous to have a rod.
Hmm. I think you're right.
Snuff candy, you have any good ideas for us?
Yes, for us.
Hmm. The week has passed, so we can summon the spirit again.
There's the inspector!
You do it, Snuffkin!
Call the spirit!
Oh, no, not again. What do you want this time?
Can you bring the hobgoblin here?
I suppose so. I'll be back as soon as I can.
But why on earth do you want the hobgoblin?
As far as I can see, there's only one safe place for the lamp where no one can find it.
And that's on another planet, and the only one who can put it there is the hobgoblin.
He's coming any minute.
Geez, that guy ever hard to find.
Thank you. I've done my wake for this week.
See you next week. Goodbye!
And some of the hobgoblin took the magic ramp away and hid it on some unknown planet.
And a good thing too, it would really be very boring if all your wishes were granted, wouldn't it?
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
We're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and goes at play.
The Moons are having fun day after day. The Moons.
The Moons.
The Moons.
