here they are for one and all the moments are about to come on and sit down here with
me here for you on your TV they are the moments they are the moments so come
with me give me your hand I'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just
like a bird sing that song ever there were the moments there were the moments
there were the moments there were the moments there were the moments
there were the moments there were the moments there were the moments
snuffkin this put up his tent on the river bank he likes being on his own
and has decided to stay there until winter comes happy and a peace with the
world
moman loves to spend as much time as he can his friend snuffkin snuffkin snuffkin
snuffkin where are you he must have forgotten I was coming and gone off
somewhere how can he enjoy being here on his own I'd like to be alone now and
then you know oh silly let's go and explore let's leave it till tomorrow snork
maiden but we said we'd go today yeah we did too moman you are the one that said it
you know you did I didn't you did too all you must come we're going to collect
shells on the beach come on it'll be fun oh no
hey it's sniff where are you guys going oh I envy snuffkin oh why do I just do I wonder
where snuffkin has gone I wonder if we'll ever find anything is exciting as the
hat yeah it was very special that hat did you really throw it in the river yeah I
wish you hadn't it was much too dangerous to keep look at the horrible things
it did to me but what about the eggshells it turned into clown yeah it was good fun
flying around perhaps I'll find an oyster with a huge pearl inside
oh
moman moman moman moman wake up snork maiden needs help what what's happened we were
playing tag and she fell into an outline hole we've got to get her out quickly come on
moman nearly there snork maiden just a bit further help me sniff give me your hand hurry
look what you're doing to my hole I'm sorry I'll be out soon stop yelling and kicking like that
you're scaring off my prey are you all right snork maiden I can't
creature I don't have to have ants for lunch you know you better get in there sniff what me don't
worry I'll hold on to you you're the only one tall enough sniff come on you look nice and tasty
I'll eat you instead get in there you're big where you don't you call me a big
oh
thank you are you ready hold tight
it's just nice and safe kicking
come on nearly a bit
oh
where have you been snuffkin that's a big secret movement I won't tell anyone
All right, it's the magic hat. It's on a sandbank further down the river.
Gosh!
But something terrible is happening.
What? What is it?
Oh dear, perhaps we shouldn't have thrown it in the river.
It's too late now. Let's get there cooking.
There it is. It's caught on a branch in the middle.
Where? Oh, Smoughkin, I can see it. Look at the water. It's all red.
Hmm, seems to be coming from the hat. I wonder what it is, Moong.
I'll go and get it. Be careful.
Shall I come too? No, you stay there.
Have you got it? Uh-huh.
Wow! It's raspberry juice.
What should we do with the hat?
Well, I don't think it's a good idea to leave it lying around.
Somebody might crawl into it.
But if we put water in it, we can have as much raspberry juice as we can drink.
Well, that would be nice. But you know, Moong, it could only be river water that does that.
You know what I mean, Moong?
Well, I think it's worth experimenting.
What's the matter, Moong? You look very tired.
I woke up in the night and couldn't get back to sleep.
Ha! Pardon? Couldn't get back to sleep. Ha! What are you talking about?
I was awake last night too.
And I know why you're so tired.
You must have been dreaming.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm in a hurry.
Thanks, Mama.
Where are you going, Moong? Moong!
Somewhere you can't come. Somewhere private.
So, what was that all about, huh?
Oh, nothing really important, Moong and Papa.
I think I'll go out.
Nobody hides anything from little, my.
Snuffkin!
Hey, I found out who's had it is.
Who's?
The Hobgoblins.
The Hobgoblins?
Yeah, I asked the Hemmielin and he told me that he saw him once long ago wearing that.
I heard about the wizard who flies in the sky.
Yeah, on the back of a black panther.
The Hobgoblins is hundreds of years old and cares only for rubies.
He rides all over the world, searching for them.
He's truly awesome.
And so, when he dropped his hat?
He must have been looking for some rubies right here in Moong and Valley.
Do you think he's got a lot of hats, Snuffkin?
Gee, I don't know.
Well, do you think perhaps he doesn't know where he dropped his hat?
Yeah, I suppose that's possible.
Snuffkin, there's something I would like to try with the hat.
Just don't put it on. Will you?
He's in there somewhere.
Hat lions are pretty stupid, you know.
Yes, Moong and Papa told me it takes him hours to dig themselves into the sand.
Oh, no, it doesn't. It only takes the one hour.
Only an hour? You're kidding.
Well, of course, an hour is a long time to spend digging.
Are you talking about me?
Yes, about how quickly you could dig yourself into a hole in the sand.
A lot quicker than you think it will take.
Moong in here says it takes you only one hour to dig a hole in the sand,
but I can't believe that.
Snuffkin says it takes several hours, but I think he's wrong.
I'll show you how long.
Gosh, that was rather fast.
Yeah, but it's obvious he's already got a ready-made hole hidden there.
Don't you ant lion?
No, I do not.
I can dig myself in anywhere, anywhere at all.
How about here?
Yeah, okay. Under this rock.
All right?
Anywhere. Just show me.
Okay, start from here.
Yeah, just there, if you don't mind.
All right, start counting.
Dude!
Wow, you only took a second and a half.
He's really something, isn't he?
He certainly is.
I'd better sit on it.
Yeah, he'll be really mad.
So you've caught the ant lion. I've been watching.
Little boy.
Right.
Did you follow us last night?
Yes.
Oh, did you tell the others?
Oh, don't be silly you guys. I haven't said a word yet.
But you will if we don't let you join in with us.
That's what she's doing, movement.
No, as if I do such a thing.
Of course, I'm forgetting how nice and kind you are.
Hey, what is that?
Nope, no hat anywhere.
There's gallons of water.
Gosh, there sure must be a lot of sand in there.
He must have changed into something else by now.
Probably.
There must have been long enough. Oh, jump off.
He isn't strong enough to move the rock by himself.
Shall we help him?
No, don't.
Come on, let's do it.
What's happened to him?
Let's turn it over.
Oh, no, I can't look.
Oh.
It's a hedgehog.
Oh, no, no, no.
It's a hedgehog.
It's a hedgehog.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Movement.
Oh, stop it.
Don't push me, Lucy.
Why?
Movement.
Movement.
Movement, I just saw the Hobgoblin.
What?
It must have been him.
Do you think he was looking for his hat?
I'm afraid so.
I hope you hit it well.
The seller.
Will it be safe there?
Well, only little my and us two know where it is.
Hmm.
The red?
I wonder if it's possible to change it into spaghetti.
Hmm, not exactly spaghetti.
Mama.
Mama.
There's something I think you ought to know.
What is it, dear?
There are strange things happening in the house.
In the house?
There's a tree in the seller.
A tree?
That's nice.
What did you say, a real tree?
Yes, and it seems to be growing and growing.
What have you done, little my?
Just dropped a bit of thread into the magic hat.
But movement threw it away.
Yeah, we did.
But we sort of found it again and put it in the seller.
Oh, dear.
We must tell movement papa before it's too late.
Come in.
It's not locked.
Keep going, tree.
You can grow as big as you like.
And just tell me if you're thirsty or anything.
And how about some fruit soon?
I really like pears.
Come in.
I'm very sorry to disturb you, papa.
What is it?
Well, it's not good.
What do you mean, not good?
I think you'd better come down and have a look at once.
So you can see for yourself what's happening before it's too late.
Too late?
Well, that sounds a bit ominous.
Don't worry. I'll sort it out.
Whatever the catastrophe.
Now, listen you.
You leave my husband's desk alone.
Or you'll be sorry.
All right, dear.
I'm coming.
Well, this is definitely a catastrophe.
I think you'd better get me a saw, Mama.
Oh, what's yo?
Everything's in the cellar, and it would be a bit difficult to get in there now, woman, papa.
They'll never mind. We haven't got time.
I'll break them by hand.
Gee, look at moving house.
Come on, Snork Maiden. This is fun.
But what happened, little Mai?
I've been gardening, that's all.
Aren't I clever?
Well, this catastrophe is going on too long.
I'm hungry.
Look on the bright side, papa.
It could be a long time before we run out of firewood.
There, take that.
Oh, oh.
That'll teach you to try and take over moment house.
Papa, look at all these lovely flowers.
And fruit.
Papa, papa, you must try some.
Oh, they're lovely and juicy.
Oh, no.
Little Mai must have put something into the hat.
Woman, where are you, woman?
Here I am.
Oh, woman, I was afraid that you were inside the house.
Mama, papa, little Mai.
They can't get out.
We'll need some saws and axes.
We must all be in the cellar and we can't get in this way.
We must try and find another way.
All right, I'll run and get some help.
You do not have to, little one.
Are you the hobgoblin, sir?
I am he.
I can see that you have found my hat.
Yes, sir.
It was on top of the mountain.
I think the...
That tree seems to be doing remarkably well.
However, away with thee.
Oh, my goodness, me.
Oh, my goodness.
That really is some hat you have there, Mr. Hobgoblin.
I'm sorry, I troubled you.
We're just glad you came along when you did, Mr. Hobgoblin.
You're most kind, madam.
I don't suppose you'd have any uncommonly large rubies here, would you?
You finding my hat here must be an omen.
Here you are, Mr. Hobgoblin.
My husband, Moomin, Papa gave it to me.
It is fine indeed, and you are lucky to have it, but I'm afraid it is not the King's Ruby I am looking for.
What do you mean, King's Ruby?
I have searched for it for hundreds of years, Moomin, Mama.
I'm afraid I am obsessed by it and cannot find it anywhere.
Well, if we see it, we'll light a signal fire.
You are most kind, madam, and I feel we shall meet again soon.
He's not bad for Hobgoblin.
Come on, everybody. Let's start stacking up all this wood.
Oh, King, let's do it!
And so the Hobgoblin's hat finally disappeared from Moomin Valley.
Moomin rather missed having an ever-ending supply of raspberry juice,
but his parents were more than happy that it had gone.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the Moomin's.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the Moomin's.
They're always happy and always at play.
The Moomin's are having fun day after day, the Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the Moomin's.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the Moomin's.
They're always happy and always at play.
The Moomin's are having fun day after day, the Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
The Moomin's.
