here they are for one and all the movements are about to come on and sit down here with
me here for you on your TV they are the movements they are the movements so come with me give me your hand
I'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just like a bird sing that song ever there with the
movements there was the movements there was the movements there was the
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la una la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
And you know how hungry the sea air made you all last time we went out on a boat.
You'd have been glad of food then.
You got to rough it a bit if you want an adventure.
Yes, but it will be more fun with coffee and pancakes.
Aren't you two ready yet?
Hello, Mummin!
Hi, Snorgvagan!
Must you use that ladder?
I'm all right.
Mummin, you're going to hurt yourself one of these days.
It's good practice. It's Snorg coming with us.
He says he hasn't got time for sailing boats at the moment.
I'd much rather a real sailing boat than a paper flying ship any day.
Are Mumma and Papa ready yet?
They're packing up half the kitchen.
Oh, it's too full.
Have we got to take all that with us?
Mumma thinks it's better to be safe than sorry and she's usually right.
Tell me, Mummin, where exactly are we going?
We haven't decided yet.
That's right. Wait and see.
Let's see.
Mr. Hamulin?
Have you found a rare plan for your collection yet?
Unfortunately not. There are lots of these in Mummin Valley already.
Goodness, where are you taking all that?
We're going sailing.
Have exciting, charting new seas and exploring desert islands.
Never know.
If I help you load up the boat, can I please come with you?
Captain the bridge!
Man the yard arm!
Hankers away!
Sailors beware!
Spikes the manbrace!
All hands on deck!
Full speed ahead!
Hey, Sniff. Any sun in the movements?
Not yet.
It's a great day to go sailing.
I wonder where we're going.
I don't have any idea.
Hmm, I don't actually like sailing much.
Do you get sick?
Well, not really sick.
It's just that I can't swim.
And if it's rough, it frightens me and I panic a bit.
It looks like it's going to stay calm.
So don't worry.
Right, that's the lot.
Now all aboard.
Mama, little Mai, Sniffkin, Mummin, Snork Maiden,
and Mr. Hamulin, of course.
Isn't he a bit old for adventures?
Not at all. No, Mummin Papa has promised to find a deserted island
where I shall search for rare plants.
Come on, Sniff, hurry up!
There's no rum.
Don't be silly, Sniff. Of course there is.
It looks very full, almost thinking.
There's no way this boat could sink.
Now come on, get him.
Really?
I promise it'll be all right.
Won't it, Papa?
Well, if it stays like this, it will, Mummin.
I'll come next time.
Let's go, Mummin Papa.
He's just a scaredy cat.
We'll go without you then, Sniff.
I think that will be best.
Anyway, someone had better stay and look after Mummin House,
and it might just as well be me.
That's very thoughtful of you.
There's a pancake on the kitchen table that you can have for lunch.
Thank you, Mummin, Mama. Have a nice trip.
I wish Sniff had come.
He's a big softy.
Well, he's not very good at swimming,
and he doesn't eat rather a lot.
What?
This is the life, isn't it, Mama?
It certainly is, dear.
Oh, look, not a breath of wind.
Shall I start rowing, Papa?
Yes, you'd better get Sniffkin to help you.
Aye-aye, Captain.
It's hardly moving.
You'll have to do better than that.
We're doing our best.
You two would be useless as Gally's slaves,
and you'd have to do your best to help them.
We're doing our best.
You two would be useless as Gally's slaves,
and you'd have to do your best to help them.
You two would be useless as Gally's slaves.
It's good that we're not then, isn't it?
So then, what's your excuse?
It's not easy rowing against the tide.
You try it.
No, dear, at this rate, I should be lucky to find one rare plant.
Well, Mr. Hamlin, you could always try collecting some seaweed instead.
There's plenty of that.
I have heard tales that if you whistle,
those who perished at sea will send you a wind.
Land! Hoi! Look, Moomin, Papa!
That's too small to be any good.
You're right.
Hey, look, Papa. We're moving again.
The tide's turned and the winds up.
What a beautiful island!
And a perfect place to land, too.
Oh, I bet this place has got some rare plants.
Be careful when you explore. There could be wild animals there.
Now, if someone will go and collect some wood, I'll get a fire started.
I've had none of you will say no to coffee and pancakes.
Watch me, you land lovers. I'll go and pull the boat ashore.
Hmm, I suppose you're right. This will come in handy.
As I said, Papa, it's always better to rough it with a little bit of luxury.
I wonder if we're the first to set foot on the island.
Thank you, children.
Is there anything else you want us to do?
No, I don't think so.
Is it okay if I go explore the island?
Of course, off you go.
Coming, snort, Maiden.
I'll stay and help Moomin Mama with the cooking.
Mama, you said we needed firewood. Is this enough?
My goodness for a lot.
You know, I don't think anyone lives on this island.
I haven't seen anyone unless they're hiding in the bushes.
I've seen someone.
Oh, yeah? Who?
Well, they weren't very big.
What do you mean, this big?
Well, same as me.
What did they look like?
Sort of white and ghostly and not very friendly looking either, Moomin.
Well, you probably just thought you saw something a little, Maiden.
I did see them. I did too.
Keep your hair on. I'm not saying you didn't see anything.
Goodness, this is magnificent.
Oh, what a find.
And what's this?
Oh, well.
Well, well, well.
I've never seen such rare and beautiful plants.
Oh.
Well, what's this? Goodness, it's a perimeter.
Now, let's see. Rain and storm. Probably broken.
Oh, hello. Who are you?
Oh, I see. This is your perimeter, isn't it? Now, watch it.
Mind you don't travel on those flowers, will you?
Oh, no, no, no. They're coming to get me.
Don't go away. Don't go away.
I think what little my saw was a hatty fattener.
They're not ghosts. Are they snuffkin?
No, they look kind of like it, but they're really harmless enough.
Oh, leave me alone.
Oh, dear. What on earth was that?
It sounded like Mr. Himulet.
Don't get away. Oh, help me, please.
That's it. That's what I saw.
It's Mr. Himulet.
Help! Get me down.
Why are they after you, Mr. Himulet? What'd you do to them?
I don't know. I just tapped on this post and asked them to be careful.
Is that what I saw? It's Mr. Himulet.
Help! Get me down.
Why are they after you, Mr. Himulet? What'd you do to them?
I just tapped on this post and asked them to be careful.
Is that ours? They seem a bit angry to me.
Well, then I tapped the marrometer to check the weather and they came at me.
Well, I don't think it's a flower's a mad about.
Maybe they thought you were trying to steal the marrometer.
I don't want it to keep it. My goodness, I'm collecting flowers, not marrometers.
Well, hang on.
I can't hang on much longer. Hurry, please.
They don't look so easily frightened.
No, now let me think.
Hurry, I'm slipping.
I've got it, Mr. Himulet.
The haddifatators can't see or hear very well, but they are very sensitive.
We'll have to try and frighten them.
I suggest you shake the post as hard as you can.
Like this.
Harder. Harder, Mr. Himulet.
Look, they can feel the ground moving.
Keep going, Mr. Himulet.
I'm getting really tired.
I'm exhausted, I can't.
They're not going.
Are you sure this will work?
You can stop now, Mr. Himulet.
Mr. Himulet.
Hey, are you all right, Mr. Himulet?
What disgusting creatures.
I have a good mind to take their precious barometer.
I don't think that's such a good idea.
It's no good anyway, it's not working.
How do you know that, Mr. Himulet?
Look, it's a beautiful day, isn't it?
But according to this barometer, it should be pouring down with rain.
This is the way to explore real home cooking.
It just takes a little thought.
And woman papa is always prepared, aren't you dear?
Double zero, it can't get any lower than that.
What does that mean?
If it was working, it would mean we'd be in for a terrible storm.
I think the reading might be right after all, Mr. Himulet.
See the way the sky is darkening.
Look at those storm clouds.
We better go before it's too late.
But there won't be time to get home.
We'll be shipwreck, woman papa.
Surely there's still time.
We don't want to go back to moving valley yet.
We've only explored half the island.
Besides, you never know what we might find, Snort Maiden.
I wanted to get my hands on those happy fat nurse.
That's the last thing I wanted to do, little mind, the very last.
I think we ought to leave now.
What do you think, mama?
Well, you're the captain, dear. It's up to you.
So I am. Now, let me think.
Oh.
Right, we'll stay.
Oh, can we?
Yes, but we must put the tent up before it starts raining.
What tent?
Always be prepared.
That's my motto.
You're very clever to think of everything.
First, we must lower the sails and pull the boat up so that she's out of harm's way.
That should do it.
Well done, everybody.
It should be safe here.
Now hurry with the tent, the storm's nearly here.
Are you all right, Mr. Himulan?
You stay here and rest, eh?
We'll manage without you.
I am a bit tired.
You get your breath back first, but don't forget to tie the boat to that tree before you come up.
It looks bad. A real humdinger.
You can touch me.
Right, let's get that tent up.
Oh, dear, what a day.
Oh, what's this here?
Oh, yes.
Well, fancy that I've never seen one of these before.
Snuffkin?
What's happening?
It's coming really fast.
Look at the rain over the sea.
We're going to get soaked if we stay here.
Just a minute.
But we'll get wet.
I know, but it's so exciting.
Huh?
Things which you have no control over.
You can see this great big storm coming towards you,
and you can't do anything about it.
No.
You have to time it just right.
When to make a run for shelter, you mean?
I knew you'd understand.
I wonder what the Hattie Fatterners are doing.
Waiting for the thunderstorm.
Why?
Because they get energy from the electricity and the lightning.
Really?
That's it!
Come on!
I've never seen rain like this.
It'll be over soon enough, Momen.
You're dressed, Mom.
I know.
It's all right.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
It's all right.
I'll look after you.
It's all right.
It's all right.
I know.
It's all right.
It's all right.
that was a close one too close I think it's over snort maiden what a
find I made today
if like the movements and their friends you're stranded on the desert island in a
huge storm all you can do is wait until it's blown itself out but what if the
waves are so high that your boat has caught up and washed out to sea that is a
different story altogether
they love the laughter and they love the living the movements believing in
sharing and caring and giving the movements they're always happy and always
they're always happy and always at play the movements are having fun day after day the
movements the movements they love the laughter and they love the living the movements
believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements they're always happy and
always at play the movements are having fun day after day the movements the movements
