here they are for one and all the moments are about to come on and sit down here with
me here for you on your TV they are the moments they are the moments so come
with me give me your hand I'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just
like a bird sing that song ever there were the moments there were the moments
there were the moments there were the moments there were the moments
there were the moments there were the moments there were the moments
there were the moments there were the moments there were the moments
now it's very nice to get letters at least every now and then however in
movement valley they're rarely sent or received and yet they do have letterboxes
and even postman
hello is that for me
he's gonna fall in this time what come on this way towards me come on
come on
did you take that hole yeah no work didn't it all right who's responsible for this are
you all right did you dig this whole young woman of course not who was it then
I knew I should have known come here you just wait
uh all I'm Mr. Postman can I have my letter please
let's do it
here's a letter mama hmm a goodness a letter I think it's a mumble oh really
where's little my moment well she's um so who's this letter from from my sister
mumble isn't it oh should I know she went on holiday to get away from me I bet
she's coming back because she's missed all the fun she'd stay away if she had
at least since this is the third time I've fallen into a hole yes I know but
this is only the first time I've seen you do it what a horrible little child you
are our time who's now close go on fall off who who who who who who come here with
I get my hands on you mumble says that she's coming back she feels that she's
ready to cope with little my again oh that's good news moment mama I think that
we should go and give her house a good clean have you told little my now mumbles
coming she'll be able to go home no I expect the postman is still chasing her around
the garden don't tell me why I don't want to know mama mama is the letter from
mumble what does she have to say is she coming home and a few days later mumble
returned to Mum and Valley now mumble is a lot bigger and prettier than
little my than what's more she's a lot quieter that's mumble valley over there it's
not full of creepy crawlies is it not as far as I know is there a house over there
maybe they'll have food let's go oh that's Mum and house are you going to
move in Valley too yes we got we read that's nice so am I we can go together your
suitcase looks very heavy would you like a hand okay are they nice the people that
live in that house yes they are could we stay there I'm sure you can my little
sister is staying with them follow me I know the way shall we go what's the matter
nothing we'll follow you all right
mumble
hello how are you fine you fine
jam nice rest without me come on everybody's waiting to see you oh by the way I'm at two very
small strangers who said they were coming here coming here mumble yes they're about the same
sizes little mine both a bit odd and they're carrying a very large suitcase right I'd better make
them up a small double bed then thanks for the tea now are you ready to come home with me now
little my now not yet we've got to go home and tidy the house it hasn't been aired for the
whole winter it's all right mumble I cleaned and swept the floors the other day and opened all the
doors and windows thank you very much it must have been a relief to be asleep most of the time
with my husband staying with you they said they haven't been bored once since we woke up and we've
had a really good time together isn't that right movement bye now well well what does well well me
papa just that I might be able to hear myself think again now I know what you mean
you're not think of me no it's your turn to be great what did they scream when they see us but the lady
told us they were friendly think of me
go on do it excuse me
now what's the matter with you two don't forget your suitcase will you
it's all right don't be frightened I won't eat you I'm the police inspector here been in the valley
for years police oh no oh no we're not these well nobody said that you did
then you haven't come to arrest us have you of course I haven't I've come to see the movement
family it is of course it is now have you come to see the movements too
hello oh there you are I thought it was you
are you expecting these two guests movement mama I think so and they've got a suitcase so they
must be staying that's nice you will stay won't you is it all right with you of course it is I'm
moving mama I'm thinking and this is my friend Bob moving mama you're welcome come in and make
yourselves at home I think it'll be okay thing to me
yeah they are a bit strange aren't they yeah it's definitely so what can I do for you today
inspector oh well I heard that mumble was back from holiday so yes that's right oh
do you see here now no inspector I'm afraid she's gone home with little my oh right I have to
keep an eye on things you know very important who goes away who comes back well I'll say goodbye then
mama I do believe he's fallen for mumble but has she fallen for him I wonder what are the new
guests doing I'm looking scared mostly
me
here you are I've emptied these drawers for you there should be enough room
where should we put this suitcase let's see in this drawer
the other place to hide too oh look at this they made such a pretty bad for us I like the
moments they didn't scream at all you still got to be careful though
we've had some very strange people staying at our house but I think these two are really weird
well they're northerners I guess so with names like thingamy and bob and that suitcase
they look a lot like fugitives to me snuff kin and perhaps they're dangerous criminals on the run
do you want to see them yeah I wouldn't mind movement
oh
ah there you are what are they doing now no idea I couldn't hear anything so they
must be asleep we think they're fugitives movement papa they're probably on the run from the
law well they are a bit funny about their suitcase gold coins stolen state secrets our
sonnest we better hide all the matches papa public enemies numbers one and two but they don't
look like it though how about some tea snuffkin sniff yes please any cakes as well
oh
Oh
Ben and me
Oh, no, the suitcase is gone too. What am I gonna do? What am I gonna do? What am I gonna do?
You wake up ready. Oh
What a nerfie you're doing under the bed. It's a safe place
Something's about to happen
I can feel her coming. That's what woke me up. Don't be silly. She can't know we're here
She can and I know she'll be here tonight
It's very windy tonight, moment
Now chilly too, don't you think?
Hello
Did you sleep well? Would you like some tea? Hey, so that's them
Don't worry. These are good friends of mine. Let me introduce you sniff and snuff can
Watch the matter
She's coming. Yes, she is. Well, who is my dear's?
The girl
Who
You know who she is. Yes, I've never seen her, but I've heard she's a scary monster all right
Gary monster and this uh grope is after you
Now don't you worry she'll think twice before she tangles with me
She if she's a scary monster monster or not if you're a guest in movement house nothing will harm you
Right everyone lock all the doors and you two go to your room
Nobody is going to get in here well said
To arms family to arms
Ready for more tea anyone
What's the matter we're going to be attacked by a huge scary monster heavens you'd better get the frying pan mama. Oh, dear
All right, has everyone got a weapon
Oh
Yeah
Well, it's midnight. I don't believe in that stupid grog. Mm-hmm. I hope you're right
She's coming she's here. Yes, she's very close now
I'm going home
This is silly we can't wait up all night besides I'm getting very sleepy
It's up to you right I'm going man moment papa watch your back
Yes keeping the open huh you guys are only trying to frighten me
Well, it won't work
She's here
No, she's not there are no such things as monsters just a trap blowing the candles out
You see there's nobody there
Well, in that case, there's nothing to stop you going home sniff
You think I'm scared you're making it up. Come on in minute. There aren't any groaks
Not at all
You see there's no one here at all
Oh be careful watch what you're doing
It's here. It's here. Well, yeah, right outside that door big and black and horrible right
No, don't open it she'll get in come on everybody
There's nobody here sniff are you sure
Hmm, I can't see anything. Oh, I must have scared that silly old groke away moment
That will teach her to come sniffing around here, all right there she is
Oh
Mm-hmm, Mrs. Groke we'd like you to go home now you just go on
You're upsetting our guests and you're freezing my roses. Yes, you big bully
I'm sorry, but you really must leave. Please go before I count to ten one
two three four five six
seven eight nine nine and a half
You
Hey, are you all right, Mooma look at the ground
It's all frozen
That's a groke's voice
It's cold isn't it. I don't think she'll be back tonight. Let's all go in and have a hot drink
The
Groke didn't come back that night
But what did she want in Moomin house and will she return perhaps another night when they're all asleep?
They love the laughter and they love the living the
romance
Believing is sharing and caring and giving the
Moomies
They're always happy and always at play the moments are having fun day after day the
Moomies
the
They love the laughter and they love the living the movements
You're leaving and sharing and caring and giving the movements
They're always happy and goes at play the moments are having fun day after day the
Moomies
The
Moomies
You
