here they are for one and all the moments are about to come on and sit down here with
me here for you on your TV they are the moments they are the moments so come with me give me your hand
I'll take you up to a moment land you can fly just like a bird sing the best song ever there
were the moments there were the moments there were the moments
these days moman and snuffkin were together even more than ever winter would
hit moman valley any day now and then they would have to park moman to go into
the hibernation and snuffkin to be for his trip so you look sad for something upset you
where are you off to moman to the lonely mountains how come you two are always
stealing off somewhere we're not stealing off we're just going for a walk to
lonely mountains just the two of you you're even worse than usual never taking any
of us with you I hadn't noticed are we really doing that I'm not sure maybe we are no
maybe's about it let me tell you it's very rude but we were just off for a walk I know well
then why are you going it'll start snowing any day now little night and then we won't be able
to go anywhere will we we wanted a last look at moman valley from above before that happens a
likely story but it's true I'm off very soon and I wanted to see it all to give me a picture to
remember while I'm walking did you hear that snorke main sniff come here
when do you mind if we come along with you of course not you see we thought you were
probably plotting something secret and weren't letting any of us in on it oh come on we don't
have any secrets from you it's just that well you know what I mean snuffkin will be leaving for
months months very soon never mind off we go
it would be fun to see it all from here in the middle of winter all white must be very beautiful
oh I don't think so with everything white and clean in summer it's very beautiful
well I'm coming back here in winter to see it for myself you can't do that you're hibernating
well maybe not I thought that this year I try to keep awake all winter you mean just like
moman and I did last year yes you could never do it what about you are you hibernating I'm not all
that mad about the snow and the cold and dark so I'll hibernate I'm very happy to be going home I've
seen it all now well we didn't ask you to come along little night well I don't we go take a look
at that beautiful lake against sniff the one with the golden fish oh no that's too far away
you're just afraid of the forest of witches aren't you sniff not at all I'm not a bit scared
hey look who's that nobody I know wonder what she's doing here sitting down don't say such silly thing
sniff hello there right there what are you doing up there I'm waiting for what for grandma out here all
alone well grandma told me there was a big rock by the path leading up to lonely mountains into
wait there but there are other rocks by the path you know are there but this is the only one I've
seen so far your grandma must be crazy or something making you wait in a place like this no our
house is in the forest and she's coming to show me the way in the forest you mean the forest of
witches yes I suppose so it's not very far from here that's it definitely how long have you been
waiting here oh about an hour one hour she's not very punctual perhaps I was early
yes she was an hour early oh it's grandma welcome Alicia
where do you find all these children my dear I was waiting here all alone and then they came
along the path and wanted to help very kind of you I'm sure well don't just stand there my dear
let's go come along excuse me excuse me ma'am but don't you live in the forest
and did I do in what part of it let me see it must be about right in the middle interesting the
only place I know of is an old house where they say witches used to live you don't say I'm
mad well what do you know what will he think I'm next
oh
her grandmother is a witch I think but surely they don't exist of course not like dragons don't exist
well she doesn't seem like a nasty one how can you tell moment I don't think that nice girl would
have a bad one for grandma perhaps not so tell me what makes you think she's a witch yeah who else
could live in that forest papa I can't think of anyone right now but some people would like it
yes I suppose you're right I hope you are well I've lived in movement valley for a long time
and I'm never once seen a witch so they don't exist
yeah oh stop working now snork dinner's ready I'm coming
no wonder it's so light look the moon is up snork maiden I think it would be very wise for you
to stay with the movements from tonight on why on earth do you think that snork I've decided not
to hibernate this winter why ever not I want to complete the blueprint for my new flying ship
by next spring for a real inventor sleep is an unnecessary luxury science my dear snork maiden
will not wait while inventors take a nap but you know dear snork how dependent you are in your sleep
I'll stay with very well then this winter I will hibernate with the movements
excellent shall we have dinner I'm ready now
most certainly snork snork maiden will be just fine here with us thank you
this is nice for movement too now you'll have snork maiden to keep him company yes
but who needs company when they're hibernating after all moment will be faster sleep
never the less sleeping is much nicer when someone else sleeps in the same room when do we start
hibernating do you think with weather like this in another few days again so early we'll have
snow before the week is out well good luck with your new blueprint snork I look forward to seeing
your flying ship in the spring hmm come this time next year I'll definitely be flying about
thanks again for taking snork maiden it's not trouble at all good night then good night snork see you
snork maiden good luck this winter snork thank goodness at last I can really concentrate on my work
I don't believe this
am I hallucinating
oh a witch I'm sure it was I'm positive I'm a broomstick
when the snork gets an idea in his head it's not much room for anyone or anything else is there
I hope you'll succeed this time at least in my dream that rounding really flew well
I often dream that I fly but I wouldn't dream of trying it out snork must have had some sort of a new idea
oh it's snork
what's the matter
oh that's my piece of cake
you look like you've seen a ghost not a ghost she left at me
murdered she was flying on a broom no engine at all are you talking about the witch what's the
use there's no point if you can do it so easily holding itself together you really swore yes
but what right near I can't see any witch up there snork just the moon up in the sky
and she was really flying in the sky is that what snork said well he should know about
things that fly hmm but I just can't believe it until I've seen it myself if she really is a witch
then what about the girl I mean no one could be happy living with a witch I really don't know I
thought witches had to be old maybe it's not her real grandmother she could be adopted well
woman we must get to the bottom of this yes enough can we must
huh cop you at it again you and your secret plan where are you going today you can't come with
us little fly and why not because we're going on a dangerous mission we're going to the forest of
witches well if you're in any danger then I must certainly come along to look after you moon and
come on besides nothing's exciting to happen to me since I went up with a kite this is so exciting
sleeping only through a set of four that I must cram in one adventure first this is what we'll do
I grab the witch and while she's helpless you two grab the girl and whisk her away to safety
that sounds great but we don't know if she is a witch little my if we grab her and she isn't a
witch it would be embarrassing and we could all be in trouble maybe the witch needed an innocent
maiden to try out some potions to experiment on her maybe let's find out how do we find out by
snooping around I suppose I hope you'll think of something a bit better than that before we get
there let's hide as close to the houses we can and then ask the girl as soon as she comes out
and what if she doesn't come out snuffkin then we'll improvise little my so this is the famous plan
by the great snuffkin look if she doesn't come out of the house we'll just go up a knock on the door
once we're inside I'm sure we'll be able to tell what's really what I don't think it's a very
good idea what if she catches a spell on us little my will wait outside and if we don't come out she
can run back to moonman valley for help that's fine but moonman can wait outside and I'll search the
house oh no little my you can wait outside and I will search the house let's do it this way you stay
outside and if we get caught try to free us and run for help as quickly as you can only if you can't
is that okay that means if you're in trouble your lives will be in my hands that's right little
my I don't like this out of this I'm not sure I want little my to be my last home while I
wouldn't help anyone who doesn't trust me that's for sure you're that see what I mean
be quiet there's a house
look at this it's very quiet do you think there's anybody home I don't know let's wait a while and see
do we have to stay absolutely still but of course we do we'll feel extremely silly if the house is
empty they've disappeared they could have told us where they were going I'm sure I don't care
little my went to I think she's betrayed us that's just like her don't worry I've got a pretty good
idea where they were heading for you know where they've gone why didn't you tell me where are they
they've gone to the forest of witches what they've gone to see whether the woman we met yesterday's
a real witch a real one why don't we go there too I'm pretty sure I'll be able to find my way sniff
what is it no it's my stomach I better lie down oh it's very painful oh how much longer we
can have to stay here like this this adventure isn't the least bit exciting well let's wait a
little bit longer be quiet at least we know the girl is definitely in there no we don't she
might be out she could be anywhere I know that's possible but I don't think so
she's getting some water as I thought that way she's working her to the bone hey little boy
she's following that girl you go with her movement and find out as much as you possibly can about
what's going on I'll watch the house right hey wait for me
oh
If you're looking for Alicia, she's up.
Stop! Listen, wait and see.
I wasn't doing anything wrong.
Why did you try to run away then?
Oh, I'll help you with that.
So will I.
How kind of you. It is a bit heavy to carry, you know.
I think I remember your name. Is it Alicia?
Yes, it is. I'm so glad you remembered it.
My name is Lohman.
And I'm Lohman.
What are you doing here in the forest of witches?
Well, to be perfectly honest, we came because we were rather worried about you.
What about me? Why is that?
Is that a woman really your grandmother?
Of course.
You're quite sure?
Yes, of course. She's my mother's mother. Why do you ask?
Well, don't you know?
He's trying to ask.
That's cool.
Or maybe your grandmother is a witch.
Yes, she is.
Of course.
Oh, I'm sorry. I was a bit taken aback.
You don't mind about your grandmother being a real witch?
Oh, no.
That's what she is. I was husband.
I'm going to be one, too, when I'm grown up.
Oh, no. You couldn't.
Well, you don't look anything like one.
Well, that's because I'm not one yet.
When you're born into a witch family, that's what you become.
But it's not that easy, you know.
Oh, this is too much.
Now, tell me, what are you doing here in the forest of witches?
You don't sound like a witch.
Oh, really? What do witches sound like?
Well, to be honest, you're the first one I've ever met in my whole life.
I'm sure that's just what you think, young man.
Is it true that the nice girl is really your granddaughter?
Certainly. A very promising young girl.
Honest and hardworking, and with a lot of training, she will make an excellent witch someday.
But how can you possibly turn such a sweet girl into a witch?
The sweetest girls make the best witches.
Hello, didn't know you were back, Grandma.
Thank you for getting the water, Alicia.
Oh, who's that?
I don't know. Some naive young man ought to rescue a damsel in distress now.
I remember you, your snuffkin.
Yes.
Your friend snuffkins in here, why don't you come in, too?
In the house?
Really?
He's brought friends with him, has he?
Suffkin, whatever they're done to you.
I'll take care of that.
Wait a second, I'll do it for you.
I'll fix it.
Wait, I'm gonna need you again.
Where are you going?
I don't think that snake ever got bitten before.
I'll get another.
I'm very curious, why are you three here, huh?
They came all the way from Moomin Valley because they were really worried about me, Grandma.
What about you?
Yes, they thought you might be nasty to me, so they came all this way to see if I needed help.
This always happens.
People treat witches as if they weren't ordinary, respectable, responsible citizens.
No, no, we're very sorry.
We realize she's quite okay and she's most welcome to visit us in Moomin Valley at any time, isn't she snuffkin?
Yes, certainly.
What? You said you'd visit these people?
Yes, I thought I'd go over there sometimes after I finished with my homework, of course.
I would never leave my studies half done.
Sorry, Alicia, but if you ever want to become a good witch, you mustn't see any ordinary mortals.
Oh, why not? I've only just become friends with them, Grandma, please.
I know. Why don't I wait a year and study to be a witch next year?
Alicia.
This is family business, so if you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you were to leave.
And I'd like you to go immediately if you'd please.
It's snowing.
While she certainly won't be able to visit us at Moomin Valley is buried in snow, so we might never see her again.
No, that's right, and you'll be leaving soon, won't you snuffkin?
Winter had come once again to Moomin Valley.
It's snowing.
The Moons are having fun day after day, the Moons.
The Moons.
The Moons.
