Here they are for one and all, the movements are about to come, come on and sit down here with me,
Here for you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements,
So come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a movement land,
You can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements,
There were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements,
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
Dan, do you think it's broken, Papa?
Well, I'm not sure. I've not had a great deal of experience with this sort of thing.
Look over there, Moomin. It's the boy and the fisherman from the boat.
They're a bit strange, aren't they?
They must live somewhere here on the island.
Let's see.
What?
Oh, thank you. Leave it by the door when you haven't quite finished yet.
Well, at least we can see the floor now.
I think the keeper must be lying dead under the desk.
Nobody's cleaned here for a long time. That's for sure.
That probably means the lighthouse lamp hasn't been working for ages either.
I wonder if Papa will be able to fix it.
I wonder if they're going to manage to get the light working all right.
Well, the lighthouse without a lamp is pretty sad, isn't it?
Come on, light, will you?
Right, I'll give you one last chance.
Then I'm getting the big spanner. Now you don't know me, but I don't give in easily.
Especially to machines.
Have you thought brass brain what will happen tonight if there's a storm and there's a ship out there looking for land or trying to keep off the rocks and there's no light to guide them?
You'll be sorry Dan, but it'll be too late.
And all I can say is that if the light hasn't been working for some time that I'm afraid that there could have been many shipwrecks.
Oh, that's awful.
Well, it would be dangerous to come too close to the island without a light to help you.
I wouldn't be surprised if that ghost ship went one of them.
It all seems very strange, and I wonder what made the lighthouse keeper leave in such a hurry.
Unspeakable horror. Please be quiet, little my.
It's obvious. Close, thrown above dishes left unwashed, jigsaw puzzles have finished.
It's an unsolved mystery of the sea, just like the Marie Celeste.
And if you don't understand that, then you're being even stupider. Then usual.
Oh, dear poor man, I wonder what he was like.
He must have been very lonely here on his own.
He scribbled messages over the walls like no side of a ship.
It's Christmas, another month gone. I must clean the lamp, and I need to talk to someone.
Oh, well, if he didn't see many ships, at least they could have been many shipwrecks either.
Oh, I hope not, Papa. That would be one good thing anyway.
Perhaps the sea came and took him on a dark and stormy night, and he was swept out and no one saw him go.
That's rubbish, little my. On dark and stormy nights, lighthouse keeper sits safe by a fire drinking hot tea laced with rum.
He might have run out of rum and gone to get more.
Well, I don't think anything terrible happened to him. He just got more and more lonely and fed up and then went off and got a girlfriend.
Be careful, snuffkin. It's very rough, but not even, and you don't want to fall into the sea.
I certainly don't. Now, watch your step. The rocks are very slippery.
Well, are you all right?
Yes, Lang, so I didn't think they'd be a slippery is all that.
What's the matter? Look over there. There's something moving, but I can't see what it is.
It's probably a boat.
No, that's what I call a real ship.
It's not a real one.
What do you mean?
It's the ghost ship, the one we saw last night.
You're right. Why isn't it come back, snuffkin? What does it want?
I don't know. Perhaps it followed us to the island and for some reason wants to make contact.
Let's go home, snuffkin. I don't like this.
What's up?
Oh, no. Shut up. I'm having a great dream, and you can see the view.
Wait. Oh, it was horrible. Someone stepped on my face.
Well, none of us sleepwalking since we were all asleep. Why don't you just be quiet?
They're very odd.
No, somebody's on my stomach now. Don't be stupid.
Oh, have a look, snuffkin. There must be something there. Please, snuffkin, please.
I can't see any. What's that?
What is it?
I don't know yet, movement. I think I can see a pair of feet.
A pair of feet.
My legs just feet.
But that means a ghost.
Oh, help. Get it off me. Go away, go away.
Let me at them. Where are they? I'll teach them to spoil my dream.
They're on my face now. Go away, will you?
No. Show me it. But no, stamp on it.
Stop it, move away.
No, it's my fault.
You go fishing again today. No, I'm not.
Oh, do you need me or is it all right if I go and see those people in the lighthouse?
No, I don't want you one.
Okay, goodbye then.
You mean this room is really haunted?
It certainly is.
But we only saw a pair of feet.
I'll sleep here tonight. Don't worry, I'll protect you.
Are you going to scare it away, Papa?
I can't find any good shells.
You're me.
What about this one?
Oh yes, that's lovely.
Go on, take it. I don't collect them.
Who are you?
Well, I'm a ghost, sort of.
Are you the rat who walked over us last night?
You were lucky I didn't grab you.
Sorry, it wasn't just me. There were a few of us.
Now walk over each other.
Can I give you a present?
You can't get around me that easily.
You better show yourselves or you'll be sorry.
It's just me. The others have all left me and gone off with the ship.
Ha, so why didn't you go with them?
Oh, I wanted to, but well...
Come on, out with it.
Well...
Never got me and let me all of my own and I was frightened.
Well, I can see why they wouldn't want a drippy thing like you around.
You call yourself a ghost.
I know, I'm sorry.
I just can't work out what's wrong with it.
Let's try and see what happens here.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, heavens, oh my, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, no!
You were right, Pop-Up!
Oh, thank goodness you are here, quick!
Open all the windows, I'm choking!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
Mmm, this is great. That soup I've had for ages, Moome and Mama.
Would you like some more?
Oh, he has, please.
Can I have the recipe? I could make some for the fisherman. I know he'd love it.
I'll write it out for you. What's his name?
I don't know. He doesn't say.
I've come from the north. I left about three months ago,
although it seems a lot longer, and I'd been rowing south in my small boat,
trying to reach Moome and Valley.
Oh, really? We live there.
Do you? You're lucky. It must be very nice. I've never been there,
but I've heard that it's beautiful.
Anyway, there was a violent storm in my little boat capsized.
He rescued me, and I've stayed with him in his cabin ever since.
And he doesn't talk about himself at all. That's very strange.
No, but I think he does have a big secret.
How do you know, Taft?
Well, sometimes he just stares and stares at the lighthouse in any sort of size.
I wonder why.
I did ask him once, but he glared at me in such a nasty way.
I haven't dared say a word about it since.
You don't want to stay with him then?
Oh, yes. Well, most of the time he's really nice to me,
and since I've been here, I've sort of taken care of him,
because you see he doesn't really look after himself.
Could I have a cup of tea, please, Mama?
Yes, dear. How is the light coming along?
Oh, not very well. There's still a few more things I could try, though.
Hello. You were on that boat fishing, weren't you?
Yes, I was. My name is Taft, Mum and Papa.
Oh, please, to meet you.
Is your friend here as well? I wanted to ask him something.
There's something quite important.
Ask him what?
Well, about this lighthouse for one thing.
Well, he won't talk about that. He just refuses to.
Oh, dear, does he?
The thing is, I'm trying to light this beacon, but having no success.
I wondered whether he might know if there's an easy way of doing it.
You never know. I might have missed something.
It's very quiet.
He might be out fishing, you know.
Come on, let's go.
Where are you going, Moomin?
I want to ask that man some questions.
He doesn't seem to be the kind of guy who does a lot of talking.
Do you think he might know something about the lighthouse keeper?
That's what I want to find out.
Hello. My name is Moomin, and this is my friend, Snuffkin.
What's your business here?
I wonder, do you live here?
I suppose you must have met the lighthouse keeper, have you?
I don't want people to have other matters.
We were just curious about why you left the lighthouse. Do you know why?
No, you kept himself to himself.
Oh, so you do know it. When did he leave?
Where did he go? You must know.
Get.
Oh, please. Had the light stopped working before he left?
Why did he leave the door open? Were there any shipwrecks?
Wait a minute, just one more question, please.
Oh, don't go.
There's something very important I need to know.
You're the only other person on the island apart from the ghost ship.
Oh, no, please, come back.
Look, my father is trying to get the lamp working again, but not getting anywhere.
So if you know where the keeper is, or better still, how to light it,
will you please help?
It's not only for us, but for all those ships that might be in danger without it.
Oh.
Moomin.
I don't think that man knows much about anything.
Well, at least he's heard you and knows what you want.
Let's go, Moomin.
Moomin.
Look, over there, what's Moomin Papa doing?
Snort made an a little Maya helping him.
Hiya!
Come on.
Yeah.
It's about time. Where are you two being?
What are you building now?
We're making a raft.
Why?
Because we wanted to stupid.
Why else would we build it?
Do you like it?
But why do you want a raft?
It's not really a raft, is it Papa?
Let me present our very own hand-built ghost ship.
A ghost ship?
He must be here somewhere.
Well, if he's the one that walked on me last night,
I want a word with him.
Yes, sorry.
I'm afraid that was me and my friends.
Oh, where are you?
Show us a bit of leg, at least.
I like to see you I'm talking to.
Yes, all right.
Oh, well, at least he looks like a ghost.
Thank you.
Ghosts look pretty silly when the sun's shining if you ask me.
Well, it was your idea.
I always thought ghosts were frightening me.
Yes, we forgot our chains last night.
It's very hard to be ghostly without them.
We did our best to scare you, though.
The ghost came to this island because the lighthouse was a bit like an ancient castle.
We feel more at home in castle.
And now when they found us here, they changed their minds and gave up.
That's funny, isn't it?
What's the matter?
You look a bit fed up.
That's because he's been left behind by the other ghosts.
They've gone off in the ghost ship.
Wow, they didn't tell me they were going straight away.
And I'd gone to the lighthouse keepers cabin.
The lighthouse keeper?
Why did you go there?
Well, I wanted to tell him that some strange people.
I'm sorry.
I mean, strangers had moved into the lighthouse and that he'd be better off with us
because ghosts don't damage things.
I didn't know you then, of course.
But some people are very kind.
Where is his cabin?
Is it easy to find?
At the southern end of the island.
But it was a waste of time because he wouldn't talk to me.
I shouldn't have bothered.
And then I would have caught the boat.
Anyway, he's not going back to his job.
So that's that.
Bye-bye.
Thanks again for the raft.
Take care.
I hope you catch up with your friends real soon.
Thank you.
You're okay for mortals.
I promise next time we meet up he rallies, Gary.
Chains and all.
Lots of chains.
And we promise to be terrified.
You can come and scare me anytime you want.
Bye-bye.
Relating a charm.
Bye-bye.
He said anything that could float would do.
But that raft seemed a bit flimsy to me.
I wouldn't like to chance it.
It can be rough out there.
Well, it doesn't matter anyway.
Ghost can't drown.
Can they?
They're dead already.
Mama.
What is it, Moomin, dear?
Poppa's gone fishing again.
Well, he's gone fishing again.
Well, he enjoys it.
Well, that's all he seems to do these days.
He's not working on the lamp at all.
Well, perhaps living in a new place makes him want to do a new thing.
And he does catch one now and again.
What are you making, little boy?
An elevator.
An elevator?
Yes, and when that's finished, I'm going to build a house.
Oh, my goodness.
A house of my very own.
Moomin, Papa, doesn't seem his usual happy self,
even though he enjoys his fishing.
He's upset that he couldn't make the lamp work and isn't used to failure,
but nothing he tries makes any difference.
What a pity it would be to leave the island without seeing the beautiful beams
shining over the water.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah, hey, come and have a look.
Everyone, I finished my house.
Hey, Moomin, Papa, come here. The fisherman's coming.
Wow, the fisherman.
Yes, and the boy is with him.
The loft is outside.
You don't want to do it, do you?
No, but I've got to do it.
Right.
Here you are.
So, uh, what can we do for you?
Oh!
Happy birthday. Happy birthday to you.
Hmm?
Tough just told us it's your birthday today,
so all the best wishes from us.
My birthday? Is it really?
Excuse me for asking, but how old are you?
I just don't remember.
It doesn't matter. I'm sorry we don't have any presents.
I haven't had coffee for many, many years.
Bring the barrel, Moomin, Mama.
Yes, dear.
Now, let me see, I found this sauerster.
I wonder if it suits me. What do you think?
Oh.
I suppose this must belong to the lighthouse keeper.
Why don't you try it on?
You look good in a sauerster. There it suits you.
We'd love to know why you left the island
and why you didn't come back in
and also why you didn't like the land.
We really would like to know if you feel you could tell us.
I was so lonely.
For years and years.
Then I just went away.
I'm afraid that's all.
But you did come back. Surely that must mean something.
I knew I'd lived here for too long.
Much too long.
You see, I didn't really fit in anywhere else.
This is the lighthouse keeper's uniform, isn't it?
Why don't you put it on again?
And look, it's nice here.
I'd like to stay with you, mind that.
I'll stay if you let me.
Ah, I'd love that.
It'd be fun to see you looking like a lighthouse keeper.
Oh, hooray!
Oh, hooray!
Three days later, the movements left the island.
They decided to leave at night
with the safe blow of the lighthouse beams guiding their path
out in the way to movement valley.
Movement papa had quite forgotten about his epic novel of the sea,
but couldn't wait to start again on his memoirs.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They love the laughter and they love the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
