Here they are for one and all, the movements are about to come, come on and sit down here with me.
Here for you are your TV, they are the movements, they are the movements.
So come with me, give me your hand, I'll take you up to a moment land.
You can fly just like a bird, sing that song ever, there were the movements, there were the movements,
there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements, there were the movements.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
Tiki's arrival was very welcome.
Good evening, Mom.
Tiki, come in.
Mama, Tiki's here.
Come on in, Minnie, a neat Moman.
Uh-oh.
Is there someone with you?
Yes, I brought my friend, Minnie.
Minnie, don't be shy.
Well, there's no one there.
Yes, there is.
You just can't see her.
Really?
Yes, I'm afraid she's very, very shy.
I'll leave the door open for you, Minnie.
Come in when you're ready.
She'll get soaked if she stays out there.
Maybe that doesn't matter very much if you're invisible.
Oh.
Tiki, how nice.
What is everyone looking at?
About Minnie, you know sometimes when people are very frightened, they can become invisible
to the people around them.
Poor Minnie, she's looked after by an aunt who doesn't like her and is really horrible
to her and who only does it because she thinks it's her duty.
It wouldn't be so bad if she just got mad and yelled at her.
But she's cold and sarcastic, which is much worse.
She doesn't care if Minnie is unhappy and gives her horrible jobs.
What's sarcastic?
Uh, let's see.
Suppose you tripped and fell over.
What would Moman Mama say?
Well, she does mean if I'd hurt myself.
Yes, well, you're lucky that Moman Mama is so nice, but a lot of people would be mad
at you.
This nasty old lady would say, that may be your idea of dancing, but try not to do it
when people are eaten, please.
Gosh, that's horrible.
Anyway, she just went on being more and more horrible to her so that in the end, Minnie
was so upset she became invisible.
On her answer, she couldn't be bothered to look after little girl she couldn't see.
Poor Minnie.
So she asked me to do it.
Minnie's still outside.
Too nervous to come in.
But what did you do to this old aunt?
I hope you told her she heard Minnie's feelings.
She wouldn't have done any good, not with someone like her.
So I took Minnie home, and then as you're the nicest family I know, I brought her here
so you could make her visible again.
You were very flattered, of course, too, Tiki.
But, uh...
If anyone could do it, you and Moman Mama can, and Moman can play with her.
Because she'd talk at all to Tiki.
I'm afraid not.
Not since she became invisible.
Oh, dear.
I'm sure I can think of lots of games, but it'll be hard to play if I can't see her.
She'll be really good at hiding seat, though.
Oh, it's okay.
You'll know where she is because her aunt hung a little bell around her neck.
Ah, look, the door's opened.
That'll be nanny.
Come here, nanny.
It's all right.
Don't be frightened.
Come and meet everyone.
This is your new home, and this is Moman Mama and Moman Papa.
They're both very nice.
Hello, I'm Moman, and these are my friends.
We were just having some tea.
Would you like some?
Oh, that is, if you can drink.
Oh, perhaps I should make some lemonade.
Well, now, perhaps you'd all like to go back to the table, eh?
If you'd care to sit down, nanny.
I'm sorry I don't know any more about her,
but I'm sure that everything will be okay now she's here.
I'm certain it will.
We'll do our best, Tiki.
Here you are, nanny.
Well, she seems to be okay now, so I better be getting along.
I've got a lot of things to do.
I'll try and come over to see how you're all going.
That would really be nice.
Oh, it's better.
You have got room, haven't you?
Didn't you have someone else stand?
Ah, yes.
A thing I mean, Bob, but it's all right.
They left last week.
That's okay then.
Oh, you must have been thirsty.
Would you like some more?
Sure.
Oh, are you coming up with me?
That's nice, nanny.
This is your very own room.
You'll be warm and cozy here.
I've put the lemonade on the table,
so you can have a drink whenever you want.
Are you sure you wouldn't like something to eat?
Ah, I see, you want to go to bed.
Well, you had a busy day, so you must be tired out.
Don't forget, if you feel frightened or lonely during the night,
just come and wake me up and we'll have a talk.
If you like, you can tinkle your little bell in my ear,
and that should do it, nanny dear.
Sweet dreams. Sleep well.
She asleep?
Yes.
I was wondering whether there's anything that might help her
in your granny's book of household remedies.
I don't know if there's a cure for invisibility.
I can't remember, but I'll have a look.
There's a remedy for most things.
I'm a phone believer in granny's remedy.
I know you are dear. I'll go and see.
I wonder what you looked like.
Ah, there it is.
Now then, a droopy tail, evil eye, melancholy.
Ah, this must be it.
The prescription was at the end of the book,
and shakily written, but it looked like the right one.
It said, remedy for when people start getting misty
and difficult to see.
It was very complicated.
I wonder whether it's the right one.
I wonder whether it's the right one.
I wonder whether it's the right one.
I wonder whether it's the right one.
I wonder whether it's the right one.
Do you think it's going to work, Mama?
Granny's remedies usually do, so don't worry.
Yes, you're right.
I wonder whether we ought to go and wake her up.
Look, you can see many shoes.
Papa! Papa!
Oh, good morning, little my.
Is Ninny up yet?
Yeah, she is.
Where is she? She hasn't eaten yet, has she?
I don't know, and she's probably in the dining room.
Oh, no!
I'm too late!
I'd be quiet, you two.
Ninny's just finishing her breakfast.
Come on, drink it all up.
That's good.
It should start to work in a couple of hours.
Well done, Ninny.
Look, her shoes are floating.
Yeah, and soon we'll be seeing the rest of her.
Ha, they look silly.
I think they're very nice feet.
I know who and Mama's remedies are good,
but I can't see them working that fast.
Anyway, you must look pretty bad if you want to make yourself invisible.
Don't let little my upset you, Ninny.
It's only the way she talks.
She doesn't mean it.
Oh, yes, I do.
I'm bored, Moomin.
Well, what shall we do then, Moomin?
I don't know.
Let's go mushroom picking.
That's boring, I never find any.
Well, I do.
Would you like to come, Ninny?
Good, and we can see who can pick the most, shall we?
They all look the same to me,
so you'll have to tell me which ones are safe to eat.
I'll tell you.
Papa! Papa!
Look, Papa, you can see Ninny's shoes now.
Oh, that's good.
There's not many things Mama's potions won't cure.
Oh, it can't be that.
She only took it a minute ago.
Well, it might be that it works faster if you're completely invisible.
I think it's being away from that horrid out.
Yes, it could be.
Mama, we're taking Ninny mushroom picking.
Have a nice time.
Morning!
Morning!
Hello.
Where's Ninny?
Oh!
Huh!
Wow, what a lot of mushrooms!
You seem to know where to find all the best ones, Ninny.
It's so fair. I haven't gotten half as many.
How are you doing, Momen?
Wow, that must be about four times as many as I've got.
Uh, yeah, that's right.
You've never picked that many before.
You know, Momen, I think there's something fishy about this.
Uh-huh, so they're not yours at all.
Well, not really, no.
Ninny's enjoyed herself.
I bet her yucky old aunt never let her go mushroom picking.
She was probably only allowed to carry the baskets, the really heavy ones.
Oh, how awful for her.
They're stinky.
What's he up to now?
I'll take care of him.
Hello, Momen, long time no see.
Not long enough.
Last time you dipped my swimming shorts in glue.
You know, I thought that was very funny.
Hey, what's that basket floating around up there for?
I don't want to be rude, but mind your own business.
It looks like the Hobgoblins work.
Boy, just think of all the things you could do if you were invisible.
Ninny, I'll carry your basket.
Let's go.
It stinks here.
Hey, you!
Isn't it me a name or just a description?
What's wrong? Is your voice invisible, too?
Please stop it, stinky.
Can't you see you're frightening her?
Oh, it's a girl, is it?
Why doesn't she speak for herself?
She's stupid. What a perfect name for her, Ninny.
Now look, stinky.
Oh, yes, Momen. Now look what?
You stop upsetting Ninny or I'll get really angry.
Without those feet, she'd be perfect for a back robbery.
Well, she's getting visible again, so she'll be no good to you at all, stinky.
You couldn't see any of her yesterday, not even the feet.
They're disappearing again.
You have to do a scare of it.
Oh, see? She's gone.
It's all your fault, stinky.
Yes, and like I told you before, she'd make a brilliant back robbery.
Don't you agree? Perfect.
Ninny would never do such a thing as that.
And anyway, Mama's given her one of Granny's magic remedies.
She'll soon be visible again, so they're there.
Whose basket is this?
Mine in little mice.
Well, there's not many of them, but they certainly are pretty.
There weren't many left for us to get, because Ninny has picked them all.
It doesn't really matter how many you've got because you can't eat them.
Let me show you.
Now, this is deadly, tufted toadstool.
And this is cow's bane.
You must remember what they look like.
Ah, these are movements and sniff, I should think.
We didn't pick any poisoners once.
Not quite as many as snorkemaiden and little mice, but this is body fly bane
and insiduous pepper spunk.
And you've both got cow's bane, too.
You must be more careful.
Now, this is better.
There's not one mushroom in here that you can't eat.
How did Ninny manage to do this all on her own?
What a very clever girl she is.
Ninny, where are you?
Come here a minute.
Ninny, didn't you hear?
Mama wants you.
Ninny, this is a beautiful mushroom basket.
We'll have a feast tonight.
Her feet have come back.
Oh, I'm so glad.
We'll soon be able to see your face.
It won't take long at all, Ninny.
And you mustn't worry about stinky one little bit.
He's all talk.
If something upsets you, just think of something else.
At least that's my philosophy in life.
If somebody upsets you, ignore him.
That's my philosophy, Ninny.
Anyone who picks mushrooms like this deserves to be seen.
You mustn't let anything frighten you when you're with us.
Do you understand?
Come on, everybody's waiting to see you.
That's just great, Ninny.
Oh, that's wonderful, Ninny.
Wonderful.
I can't wait to see all of you.
It won't be long now.
But I don't think Mouse Gray is quite your color, you know.
You just sleep as long as you like, Ninny.
Good night now.
If you want anything, you just shout.
Oh, where's Mom and Mama?
Well, well, what are you doing?
I mean, do you know what time it is?
Do you like this moment, Papa?
Hmm.
Yes, it's very nice.
It's good to have someone in the house to make clothes for it last.
I hope it'll look pretty on her.
What's this for?
Her hair.
praise.
ok
Good morning mum and Papa.
Good morning little Mai.
You're very early today.
You're a burly?
I can't wait to see her.
Come on, man.
It's like waiting for Christmas, isn't it?
Yeah, I like having presents every day.
Isn't it, Papa?
Well, I think it's much more exciting this way.
We have to wait until she's ready to come down.
Did you hear that door opening?
She's awake!
I hope she found the dress where I left it on the table.
Oh, good.
It's all right.
Now, you know where to look.
Well, it's time to go to bed.
Oh, good.
It's all right.
Now, you know where to look.
Well, she's OK, I suppose.
Thank you all very much for everything.
Oh.
Ha! So she can talk!
They still couldn't see Nini's face.
But at least they knew that she was there,
that she was talking to them.
I've made them all feel a lot better.
Stork made them. Look!
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the romance.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
They loved the laughter and they loved the living, the movements.
Believing in sharing and caring and giving the movements.
They're always happy and always at play.
The movements are having fun day after day.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
The movements.
